data scientist,Job Description  Data is a crucial part of Shopify’s mission to make commerce better for everyone. We organize and interpret petabytes of data to provide solutions for our merchants and stakeholders across the organization. From pipelines and schema design to machine learning products and decision support data science at Shopify is a diverse role with many opportunities to positively impact our success. Our Staff (i.e Lead) Data Scientists focus on pushing products and the business forward with a focus on solving important problems rather than specific tools. We are looking for talented data scientists to help us better understand our merchants and buyers so we can help them on their journey.  Qualifications 7-10 years of commercial experience in a data science role solving high impact business problems You have well built technical experience that inspires individual contributors creativity and innovation. You have experience with product leadership and technical decision making. You have been working closely with various levels of business stakeholders from c-suite and down. You can jump into the code on a deep level but are also able to contribute to long term initiatives by mentoring your team. Multiple work streams excites you you are able to use ambiguity as an opportunity for high level thinking. Experience creating data product strategies data products iterating after launch and trying again. Extensive experience using Python including a strong grasp of object oriented programming (OOP) fundamentals What would be great if you have: Previous experience using Spark. Experience with statistical methods like regression GLMs or experiment design and analysis. Exposure to Tableau QlikView Mode Matplotlib or similar data visualization tools.  Additional Information  All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. If you’re interested in helping us shape the future of commerce at Shopify click the “Apply Now” button to submit your application. Please submit a resume and cover letter with your application. Make sure to tell us how you think you can make an impact at Shopify and what drew you to the role. As there are multiple positions this posting will remain live until all positions have been filled. Successful candidates can expect to hear back from us within 2 weeks of application. #LI-REMOTE Our belief is that a strong commitment to diversity & inclusion enables us to truly make commerce better for everyone. We encourage applications from Indigenous peoples racialized people people with disabilities people from gender and sexually diverse communities and/or people with intersectional identities. Please take a look at our Sustainability Reports to learn more about Shopify’s commitments to our communities and our planet. At Shopify we understand that experience comes in many forms. We’re dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team - so if your experience is this close to what we’re looking for please consider applying.
data scientist,Overview: Darwill is a nationally recognized print and marketing communications firm based in the west suburbs of Chicago. As a premier provider of complex marketing products including direct mail employee communications and marketing collateral we influence excellent results for CMO’s Directors of Marketing and Print Production Professionals by providing ideas workflow solutions cutting edge production technologies and a seamless execution process. Our diverse product offering includes data acquisition email appends integrated marketing services production workflows custom print production direct mail solutions fulfillment and complete lettershop bindery and mailing services. Location: Oakbrook IL Reports to: Lead Data Scientist Responsibilities/Essential Functions: Train and validate predictive models using a range of Machine Learning algorithms to support targeted customer and acquisition marketing campaigns Develop and enhance data products to solve both internal and external business problems Execute and present in-depth analyses of customer product and marketing data across a range of industries Design execute and analyze experiments to test hypotheses on the efficacy of competing marketing strategies Work with a cross-functional team of Data Engineers and developers to develop data pipelines that support downstream products analytics and embedded models Become a subject matter expert and present directly to internal and external clients Qualifications: Bachelors/Masters degree in Computer Science Statistics Mathematics or other technical field 3+ years’ experience in the Data Science/Analytics field Strong knowledge of SQL and Python (Numpy Pandas Sklearn etc.) Experience with feature engineering cross-validation and hyper-parameter tuning Experience with large data and deploying machine learning at scale Excellent written and verbal communication skills comfort communicating at varying levels of detail across a range of audiences Experience in Direct Marketing and/or Marketing Analytics a plus Work Environment/Physical Demands: This job requires you to sit in a cubicle or office on a computer (1 or more monitors) for the majority of the day. May be required to work extended/evening hours as needed. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $80000.00 - $120000.00 per year Benefits: 401(k) Dental insurance Flexible schedule Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Schedule: Monday to Friday Ability to commute/relocate: Oakbrook Terrace IL 60181: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required) Application Question(s): Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status) Experience: Python: 2 years (Required) SQL: 2 years (Required) Work Location: One location
data scientist,Job Title: Healthcare Data Scientist (Hybrid Position) Department: Rush Health Shift: 1st Specialty: Data Analysis Job Number: 2022-2074 Date Posted: 05/27/2022 Position Type: Information Services  Job Qualifications:  Healthcare Data Scientist  Rush University Medical Center is one of the country's leading medical centers pushing the boundaries of healthcare services with innovative compassionate and accountable team members. The Healthcare Data Scientist supports clinical contracting network and business intelligence at Rush Health. Healthcare Data Scientist will support key clinical processes contracting initiatives network analyses and the development and maintenance of reports and other projects. The successful candidate must demonstrate critical analysis skills of healthcare data and processes and have the ability to provide such information to a wide variety of audiences in visual oral and written formats. He/she exemplifies the Rush mission vision and values and acts in accordance with Rush Policies and Procedures.  Position Responsibilities:  Identify analyze and interpret trends and patterns in complex data sets for specified projects. Develop graphs and figures reports and presentations to summarize key results and create easy-to-understand visualizations of complex information. Create dashboards with some end-user manipulation and data-drilling functionalities. Prepare supporting documentation and presentation materials to accompany the release of reports and dashboards. Provide data and analytic support for Rush Health Clinical Contracting Network Development and executive teams. Work with IT teams to interpret requirements aid in documentation and develop and validate reports to support internal teams. Assist in documentation and creation of web reporting (Rush Health Insights). Create and maintain routine and ad hoc reporting as required to support Rush Health initiatives. These projects may include data from payer claims EMR vendor-hosted data repositories (e.g. Arcadia Carejourney) and other data sources (including external and public databases) and will include internal and provider-member focused reporting. Provide ad hoc and ongoing support for physician and hospital quality bonus program. Participate in UAT for physician incentive program and other Rush Health initiatives. Assist IT team with data validation in onboarding new practice data and other projects. Assist with data mapping and profiling. Train end users in the interpretation of dashboards tools and results; ensure that data is understood by end users and that documentation is accessible to the appropriate audiences. Consult with senior leadership to develop implement evaluate write conduct and edit plans for complex analyses of healthcare data.  Position Qualifications Include:  Bachelor's Degree in computer science statistics engineering analytics or other quantitative discipline or equivalent experience. 3 years data analytics experience. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Demonstrated experience in data querying profiling analysis and reporting; proficiency in SQL including the ability to design and write complex queries. Experience auditing and querying large volumes of data using SQL. Experience in creation and maintenance of dashboards intended to summarize data for multiple audiences. Strong preference for competence in Tableau or similar platforms for data visualization. Advanced use of Microsoft Office suite particularly MS Excel and PowerPoint. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Must have demonstrated ability to present complex information to a variety of audiences in an interesting and compelling manner. Skilled in advanced analytics data science and statistical algorithms. Knowledge of statistics and the ability to communicate with statisticians. Strong customer service orientation. Strong organizational skills. Ability to seamlessly handle multiple complex projects in a timely fashion. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Exemplary written and verbal communications skills. Ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment.  Preferred Job Qualifications: Master's Degree. Knowledge of healthcare or related industry. Develop an understanding of P4P and VBC contracts ACO program requirements and quality measures reporting. Experience with any of the following electronic medical records data payer claims data Health Information Exchanges clinical performance and outcomes data meaningful use University Health system Consortium (UHC) Premier HEDIS PQRS Leapfrog ICD-10 CPT and other code sets. Experience creating analytics to identify healthcare quality and efficiency opportunities Experience reporting key performance metrics for physicians and hospitals. Proficiency with data visualization software (Tableau etc.). Proficiency with statistical software (SAS R Python etc.). Company Highlights: For demonstrating leadership in the use of information technology Rush University Medical Center and Rush Oak Park Hospital have been listed among the most wired hospitals in the nation by Hospitals & Health Networks magazine. Rush University Medical Center received five stars in a quality rating system by the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). Rush University Medical Center is the only five-star academic medical center in the Chicago area. Rush is a diverse and inclusive culture and offers a competitive salary and a valuable compensation package including health dental and vision benefits retirement health savings accounts and tuition assistance to invest in your future. Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability veteran status and other legally protected characteristics.
data scientist,Data Scientist If you are a Data Scientist with experience please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. We have a great collaborative team culture and we encourage communication and easy access across all levels of the organization  2. This position allows for flexibility to work with analytics across a wide range of industries  3. We offer 100% remote work ability What You Will Be Doing Translate data analysis to guide business decisions  Regularly communicate and work with the business and technical teams  Collaborate with analytics teams to create insights from data to be presented to clients  Created data visualizations to help business leaders understand their business problems and the proposed solutions What You Need for this Position 3+ years of experience with:  Required:  R or Python  Data Visualization: Tableau Qlik Shiny or Power BI  Marketing Performance Analysis  Operational Performance Analysis  Data Presentation  Statistic Analysis  Data Mining  Regression Modeling  Predictive Modeling  Financial Analysis  Bachelor's Degree in Statistics Economics Analytics Math or other related field  Desired:  Statistical Software: SAS or SPSS  SQL Script Writing  Digital Marketing Paid Search Marketing Advertising Campaigns or Email Marketing  Data Manipulation  Machine Learning  Business Strategy What's In It for You - Base Salary: 100k - $110k  Company IRA Contribution  Life and Disability Insurance  Unlimited Vacation  100% Remote Work Benefits Vacation/PTO So if you are a Data Scientist with experience please apply today! Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits please contact Eric Trujillo Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.  CyberCoders Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex national origin disability protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.  Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
data scientist,Company Description  Jobs for Humanity is dedicated to building an inclusive and just employment ecosystem. Therefore we have dedicated this job posting to individuals coming from the following communities: Refugee Neurodivergent Single Parent Blind or Low Vision Ethnic Minority and the Previously Incarcerated. If you identify with any of the following communities do not hesitate to register even if you feel that this particular opportunity is not the right fit for you.  Company Name: NielsenIQ  Job Description  Job Description NielsenIQ Retail Analytics helps retailers turn shopper insights into strategic advantage. We leverage our deep expertise in data science and technology to mine shopper data uncovering what drives consumer decision making. By using advanced modeling artificial intelligence and cloud-based SaaS solutions we are able to put these insights at the fingertips of our clients. As a Data Scientist you'll be an integral part of the R&D team accessing analyzing and interpreting customer-centric data to build advanced predictive models leveraging statistics mathematics and econometrics to support solutions. What you'll do Implement advanced statistical and econometric models. Interpret document and present/communicate analytical results to multiple business disciplines providing conclusions and recommendations based on customer-centric data. Work closely with Advisor/AD to implement methodology and technology that enables more efficient pricing assortment and marketing/promotion decisions in support of product roadmaps. Take analytical objectives and define data requirements. Extract clean and transform customer and item-level data for purposes of analysis modeling/segmentation and reporting. We're looking for people who have Master’s Degree in math/statistics computer science economics industrial engineering or relevant field. Minimum of 1-2 years of directly related work or intern experience in quantitative analysis. Highly proficient in SQL and Python. Strong in statistical techniques and the willingness to learn and champion methodologies for customer analysis. Ability to translate business objectives into analytical plan/framework conducting the analysis and interpreting data to derive insights and interpret results to develop and communicate recommendations to internal teams - and then to clients. Ability to translate statistical and analytical results into clear written and verbal communication to internal/external stakeholders Excellent ability to be part of multiple projects/initiatives of varying size and complexity while simultaneously meeting and exceeding deadlines in a diverse environment.  Additional Information REF9510P  About NielsenIQ NielsenIQ is a global measurement and data analytics company that provides the most complete and trusted view available of consumers and markets worldwide. We provide consumer packaged goods manufacturers/fast-moving consumer goods and retailers with accurate actionable information and insights and a complete picture of the complex and changing marketplace that companies need to innovate and grow. Our approach marries proprietary NielsenIQ data with other data sources to help clients around the world understand what’s happening now what’s happening next and how to best act on this knowledge. We like to be in the middle of the action. That’s why you can find us at work in over 90 countries covering more than 90% of the world’s population. For more information visit www.niq.com. NielsenIQ is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer making decisions without regard to race color religion gender gender identity or expression sexual orientation national origin genetics disability status age marital status protected veteran status or any other protected class.
data scientist,Our Company Home Partners of America A Blackstone Portfolio Company is an owner and operator of high-quality single-family residential homes. Our mission is to help more people get into great homes in the neighborhoods they love while preserving the opportunity to build a more secure financial future. This commitment to making homeownership a reality is made possible through a unique business model that leverages data and analytic capabilities on Home Partners’ technology-enabled operating platform. We are a dynamic organization poised for growth and expansion into the future and are looking to hire passionate and energetic employees.  Your Role The Data Scientist Junior Associate will help with production data and systems used in HPA’s most critical business intelligence and data analytics tasks with the opportunity to engage with the production process from beginning to end. Projects will center on working with large datasets around real estate credit underwriting consumer behavior and property-level information such as maintenance spend and rental payment tendencies to create forecasts and models. Other projects will include further development of existing algorithms and models for determining rent pricing strategies home values portfolio analysis and management risk modeling of consumers and other data analytics exercises as required.  The Junior Associate can expect to be writing code and scripting on a daily basis using Python Jupyter notebooks working cross-functionally with the Data Engineers and Software Developers on the team as well as gaining exposure to data management data storage and data visualization techniques. The Junior Associate will also be expected to write production codes and deploy models on top of a cloud-based infrastructure such as AWS on an as-needed basis.  The Junior Associate will be expected to do some manual work and ad hoc tasks to supplement and help out the senior members on the team. They are expected to bring energy and enthusiasm as they learn more about both how the real estate market works as well as develop their technical skills.  Responsibilities Conduct research and analysis of the analytics team ranging from producing summary statistics to more sophisticated analysis. Design strategies for analyzing large datasets including geospatial datasets. Assist in working through strategies for cleansing data after encountering it during normal work processes. Develop financial and technical models for reporting and business intelligence tasks. Work hands-on with large sets of real estate and consumer data to help develop new applications databases and data structures. Research and implement machine learning models on an as-needed basis. Maintain troubleshoot track and constantly improve existing deployed data science models. Perform ad hoc requests in line with business priorities.  Requirements Undergraduate or master's Degree in Computer Science Engineering Statistics Economics or commensurate technical experience. 0-2 years of experience in a technical role or analytics role (software development data science etc.). At least 1-year of experience in writing production-level code in Python. Experience in other programming languages such as R Spark Julia etc. is a plus. Demonstrated strong conceptual and hands-on knowledge in the domain of Probability Theory and Statistics. Demonstrated conceptual and hands-on working knowledge of machine learning algorithms. Demonstrated ability to think critically ask pointed questions and formulate solutions to problems in a clear concise and timely manner. Experience with cloud platforms such as AWS GCP is a plus. Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously work under pressure work independently and meet deadlines. Benefits 15 paid-time-off days 13 company paid holidays 1-day marking personal observance 1 day for volunteer efforts 401K match program Access to premier healthcare at affordable rates Inclusive work environment Flexible Hybrid Hours Employee Assistance Program Pet Insurance & Eldercare Wellness Offerings  We believe in building an inclusive diverse equitable and accessible company where people from all backgrounds feel valued safe and respected. Home is where everyone deserves to feel safe secure and free to be their truest self.  Home Partners of America and Pathlight Property Management are Equal Opportunity Employers and prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind. All employment decisions including the decision to hire promote discipline or discharge are based on business needs job requirements and individual qualifications without regard to race color religion or belief sex (including pregnancy gender identity or sexual orientation) national origin age disability status genetic information veteran or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations in which we operate.
data scientist,SupplyHouse.com an e-commerce heating plumbing and HVAC supply company is searching for a Data Scientist to join our Finance Team! If you are looking for a career that will allow you to develop and implement models and leverage data power in order to enhance the success of a company we want to hear from you! This is a remote-based role within select states in the United States. At this time we are only able to employ those located in the following states: Florida Georgia Nevada New Jersey New York North Carolina Ohio South Carolina Tennessee Texas and Washington. This position will require travel to our NY office headquarters for up to four times per year for internal meetings and team-building activities. The cost of travel for employees out of the area will be covered by the company. Additionally our offices are always available for staff to use as much as desired. A company laptop and other necessary equipment will be provided along with a $250 stipend for your work from home space. Role Type: Full-Time Exempt Location: Remote (Florida Georgia Nevada New Jersey New York North Carolina Ohio South Carolina Tennessee Texas and Washington) Salary: $90000-110000/year Responsibilities: Model exploration and validation Demonstrate a high level of originality and creativity when developing solutions to improve the existing business processes Create and deploy scalable and robust models to help make data-driven decisions Explore existing and new processes to validate deliverable findings on various topics to increase operational efficiency revenue profitability and customer satisfaction Ad-hoc analyses Communicate with requesters to clarify analysis goals data sources and terminology definitions Collect model analyze data and identify areas of issues and opportunities Deliver insights and actionable findings to cross-functional stakeholders to enable continuous improvement and quick turnarounds Training and management Coach new hires on the data mining and analytics basics and lead analytics methodology discussions Spearhead complex projects and manage/execute projects from start to finish Support the Analytics Team in day-to-day communications project delivery and task management Requirements: A Bachelor’s degree in Statistics Mathematics Economics Business Analytics Finance or another quantitative field Proficient Excel skills and SQL knowledge In-depth knowledge of Python/R or other massive data/statistical software Excellent analytical abilities and attention to detail Effective written and verbal communication skills Ability to take feedback and constantly improve work quality Preferred Qualifications: Master’s degree or working experience in the above fields Modeling experience with time series models regression models etc. Data visualization skills in BI tools such as Tableau or Power BI Ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team Highly self-motivated and capable of multi-tasking/prioritization Why work with us: We have awesome benefits – We offer 401k with company match 100% company-paid medical insurance optional dental and vision add-ons life insurance vacation and sick days. We promote a work/life balance – We value your time! We encourage a healthy separation between your professional and personal life with our flex-time work policy and health & wellness initiatives that allow employees to feel refreshed and recharged. We give back – We provide many virtual opportunities to help our local communities such as our Adopt-a-Family initiative fundraising initiatives for trade schools and mentorship programs with local schools. We stay engaged – We maintain our company culture in a remote setting with engaging virtual events including our Core Values Weeks Employee Appreciation Day optional Out-of-Office Monthly Events and virtual clubs. Look out for our Football Knockout Pool Book Club and Craft Nights! We listen – We encourage collaboration feedback and new ideas through our monthly town halls departmental team lunches and regular check-ins with upper management. It is our priority to make sure you enjoy coming to work every day. What our employees are saying: “The people here are amazing. In this tough phase of the pandemic the people and the company have handled the situation very well. They take really good care of the team and they always try to make sure employees stay in touch by organizing virtual events!” -Yash IT Team “I love the teamwork the caliber of people who are employed here and the way everyone is so supportive caring and welcoming. This truly is a company that strives to grow and evolve and continue to be even better and is open to new ideas and innovative concepts from employees. You feel valued because your opinions are welcomed and encouraged. Your strengths are cultivated and you feel real growth in your position.” -Katy Customer Service Team “I enjoy working at SupplyHouse.com because they truly value generosity and the act of giving back to our community. With many being significantly affected by the pandemic the company has gone to great lengths to not only be there for its employees but also our surrounding communities. I’m looking forward to the day when we can do that again all together.” -Anna HR Team
data scientist,As Data Scientist Data-Driven Marketing you will uncover consumer behaviors through advanced analytics and modeling discovering the audiences most relevant to our brands and categories and creating models and algorithms that are actioned within marketing campaigns and programs. What are we looking for? Bachelor’s degree in Analytics or related quantitative fields (statistics mathematics econometrics etc.). Advanced degree will be preferred. 2+ years experience in applied data science role or equivalent; ideally in CPG/Retail 2+ years of hands-on designing building and testing machine learning models preferably in a marketing context Experience in applying audience-based advanced analytics for consumer engagement across paid digital channels Knowledge and experience in modeling techniques and advanced applied skills (e.g. logistic regression multivariate regression Random Forest Boosting Trees text analysis etc.) as well as with Python SQL and with experience using Databricks Snowflake Azure or other big data technologies Experience with media measurement and ROI optimization a plus Experience with CDP DMP CRM EMS platforms a plus  What will be your key responsibilities? Collaborate with marketing functions to activate data on specific campaigns focused on consumer behavior models and attribute patterns discovering engagement opportunities within and across audience groups. Develop and deploy models on Mars Wrigley’s consumer data platform (CDP) for reuse by content and activation teams. Building up the robustness of the platform with audience and segmentation logic is a key responsibility for this role. Leverage statistical modeling machine learning and other data mining techniques to develop audience segments that can be used for marketing activations as well as insights into product and content strategy quantifying segment value (LTV) and opportunities (CAC). Develop lookalike audiences based on segmentation modeling of 1P data understanding the limitations and capabilities across key digital channels including walled gardens.  What can you expect from Mars? Work with over 130000 like-minded and talented Associates all guided by The Five Principles. Join a purpose driven company where we’re striving to build the world we want tomorrow today. Best-in-class learning and development support from day one including access to our in-house Mars University. An industry competitive salary and benefits package including company bonus.
data scientist,Job Summary: Applies advanced data analysis tools and techniques to provide insights and actionable recommendations for the business. Utilizes complex statistical modeling to make predictions about future outcomes and in multiple scenarios. May explain findings to business audience. Job Responsibilities: Responsible for applying advanced data analysis tools and techniques to provide insights and actionable recommendations for the business. Utilizes complex statistical modeling to make predictions about future outcomes and in multiple scenarios. Interprets and applies data in complex analyses and explains findings to business audiences to improve products and processes. May support or lead the development of data-related commercial offerings and/or other intellectual property (IP) Executes statistical and mathematical analyses to support business decision making. Develops and/or uses algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes. Applies analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data using advanced statistical techniques such as predictive statistical models customer profiling segmentation analysis survey design and analysis and data mining. Documents projects including business objectives data gathering and processing leading approaches final algorithm detailed set of results and analytical metrics. Develops materials to explain project findings. Effectively resolves problems and roadblocks as they occur. Interacts with internal and external peers and/or managers to exchange semi-complex information related to assigned activities. Prepares and presents interpretation of findings to internal clients.  Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in statistics data science. mathematics OR economics and at least 2 years of experience in a statistical function. Knowledge of SQL Experience in data science advanced analytics or statistics. Ability to interrogate data perform analyses interpret data and present to business audiences. Knowledge of open source data science and statistics packages such as Python R Spark etc. Experience establishing and maintaining key relationships with internal (peers business partners and leadership) and external (business community clients and vendors) within a matrix organization to ensure quality standards for service. Experience analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues trends or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions. Willing to travel up to 10% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state).  Preferred Qualifications Graduate degree in a quantitative computational or technical discipline
data scientist,WE ARE HIRING IN MULTIPLE LOCATIONS ACROSS THE UNITED STATES IN THESE CITIES: ATLANTA BIRMINGHAM BOSTON CHICAGO HILTON HEAD NEW YORK CITY AND PITTSBURGH  With 9 offices across the country and hundreds of talented empowered and passionate employees we’ve created an open-minded culture of collaboration. At 9Rooftops you’ll not only have the opportunity to work on brands big and small but also be a critical part of an agency that believes in the power of continual improvement and that every employee should have a say in how things work. Here you’ll be a force for change helping brands rise above the competition with culturally relevant high-performance creative solutions that generate energy action and revenue. If this sounds like your kind of thing read on. We are seeking an experienced Data Science/ Statistician to join our team. This is a great opportunity for the Statistician to use modern statistical techniques (causal modeling hierarchical/multi-level regression Bayesian statistics state-space time series MCMC HMC) to help our clients answer their most pressing business challenges and questions. This position reports to the VP Director of Data Science. Job Responsibilities: Deep understanding of parametric statistics and causal statistical modeling In-depth knowledge of advanced modeling techniques like… o Causal modeling spurious correlation confounding variables collider bias post-treatment effect bias directed acyclic graphs (DAGs) o Hierarchical/Multi-level Regression (random fixed mixed effects) o Econometrics state-space models decompositions forecasting log-linear models elasticity o Estimation techniques MCMC (Metropolis-Hastings Gibbs sampling Hamiltonian MC [stan] o Experimental design Foundational Data Science and data understanding skills o Querying data bases connecting to APIs finding open-source data o Restructuring imputing feature engineering “cleaning” (we all “clean” our own data and believe it’s a fundamental part of understanding the data used in the analyses) o Robust exploratory data analysis practices (visualization of marginal and joint distributions as well as time series) o Ability to work with both small data sets and large data sets alike o Python or R or Julia skills are a must Secondary analytical skillsets (nice-to-haves) o Unsupervised Machine Learning (clustering dimension reduction/compression techniques like PCA KPCA T-SNE & UMAP etc.) o Semi-supervised learning o Classification methods and scoring functions (SVM RF NN etc.) especially unbalanced classes o NLP (topic modeling specifically) o Reinforcement Learning (think pricing optimization) o Cloud environments (we use AWS but experience with Azure or Google Cloud is cool with us) o GitHub experience Soft Skills o Capacity to identify and understand business questions and hypothesize appropriate data science solutions o Ability to participate in meetings with clients but no need to lead them o Communication skills to ask questions of clients and internal partners to clarify data definitions data structure and data generation biases o Excitement to apply advanced methods to business and marketing scenarios Some of the questions you’ll be answering: What was the impact of our pricing changes on overall sales and profitability? What would happen if we shift our media spend channels? What is the optimal level of advertising spend by month for the next 6 months? What is the optimal pricing for each product in a set of SKUs?  Position Requirements: 4+ years in Statistician Data Scientist Machine Learning role or similar Role focused on business strategy marketing media  Traits needed: Creative gritty scrappy ability to flourish under ambiguity and passionate to learn Fits well into results-oriented culture with little-to-no red tape Ability to explore multiple challenges and models concurrently Passionate about Math Statistics Data Science and Machine learning  How this position is different: No red tape around techniques or solutions. I.e. There is extensive creative freedom for building and solving the problems at hand without unnecessary constraints on modeling techniques—as long as those modeling techniques answer the question Fast-paced with exposure to clients from a variety of industries (retail quick serve restaurants [QSR] food and alcohol tourism education medical device medical services etc.) Culture that fosters continual learning curiosity innovation Work schedule and location flexibility Travel to clients or other 9Rooftops offices when appropriate  At 9Rooftops we invest in our employees' health and well-being. Our benefits reflect our commitment to help our team be the best versions of themselves both at work and at home. Our “remote-first” workplace model provides our employees with the flexibility to work on a remote basis to achieve a working style that allows them to use their time most effectively according to their work business role and lifestyle. Benefits: Medical Vision Dental & Life 401(k) with Employer Match Parental Leave Vacation Time Off Paid Community Volunteer Day (10th Rooftop) Summer Friday Hours & Robust Holiday Time Off Dog-Friendly Workplace (some locations) Wellness Incentive Program Team Social Events  Ready to make the next bold move in your career? We’d love to hear from you.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We will consider applicants for this position without regard to any category protected by applicable federal state or local law including but not limited to: race color religion national origin age gender sex ancestry citizenship status mental or physical disability genetic information sexual orientation veteran status or military status.
data scientist,Company Name: Decision Spot  Job Title: Data Scientist  Location: Chicago IL (Preferred) or Remote United States  About Decision Spot: Decision Spot is a startup based in Chicago IL and Richmond VA. We are helping our clients in transforming their supply chain and operations with the use of advanced analytics i.e. operations research data science and machine learning. We are a growing team of optimization data science data engineering and software engineering experts.  Job Description: Decision Spot is looking for data scientists who will enjoy finding creative solutions to solve complex business problems in supply chain and operations. The person in this role will work with large datasets find necessary insights build machine learning models and present results to the stakeholders. Creating a useful solution for a business problem requires good technical and programming skills as well as creativity and practicality.  Responsibilities: Communicate with clients to understand their business processes rules and requirements. Determine necessary models and algorithms that meet solution requirements. Determine data requirements. Gather understand clean and process data for the modeling purposes. Write SQL or Python scripts that can be used to automate data preparation process. Build and deploy models using open-source and proprietary tools. Test and validate model results for robustness and accuracy. Create effective and quality visualization dashboards and presentations to explain business insights and results to project steering committees. Qualifications: Master’s degree in Data Science Analytics Statistics Mathematics Computer Science or similar field with the focus on predictive analytics and machine learning courses. 0-3 years of industry experience in analyzing large data building visualizations and building and deploying machine learning models. Experience in building clustering classification regression time-series forecasting and other predictive analytics and machine learning models using Python or other programming languages. Experience in building user-focused visualizations using tools like Tableau PowerBI etc. Experience in data wrangling using SQL or similar tools. Comfortable in explaining a technical topic to technical and non-technical audiences. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Bonus Skills: Background in linear programming/optimization modeling. Experience in building deep learning models and working with big data technologies such as Hadoop Spark. Recent graduates with exceptional technical and communication skills are encouraged to apply. We will provide necessary on-job training.  If you are interested in this position reach out to us at info@decisionspot.com with a copy of your latest resume.
data scientist,Career Area: Information Analytics Job Description: The Cat® Digital group is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc. responsible for bringing world class capabilities to our products and services. With over one million connected assets worldwide we're focused on using data advanced analytics and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world. To accomplish this we’re deploying analytics that generate insights recommend optimized decisions and improve products by intelligently integrating massive quantities of telematics information transactional records images unstructured documents and other data sources. Join our group of world-class data scientists and apply deep learning to remote sensor data to diagnose potential issues and schedule proactive repairs before failures arise. Or improve products and product recommendations by developing a detailed understanding of how customers use their Cat equipment. Or use the insights gained from equipment and customer profiles to design customized service offerings that maximize our customers’ value of their Cat equipment fleets. You’ll have significant opportunity to do meaningful work that makes a real impact. JOB DUTIES: The Condition Modeling Analytics Team within Cat Digital’s Analytics organization is looking for a talented and motivated Data Scientist to develop condition monitoring models to power asset management solutions for customers and dealers. You will use machine learning deep learning and statistics-based/physics-based analytics techniques on time-series sensor data machine fault codes inspections and analysis records and other datasets to identify health anomalies predict equipment failure modes estimate remaining useful life and build equipment risk models. Excellent python coding skills are paramount but familiarity with modeling and analysis of heavy equipment engineering systems is a strong plus. The Data Scientist will prototype develop iterate test and deploy models to production under the direction of a team lead successfully meeting program objectives/timelines and solving problems with appropriate supervision. A fast learner with excellent communication skills the successful candidate can explain conclusions to customers who have limited knowledge of quantitative analytics methods and will collaborate effectively with diverse teams (including other data scientists product design/simulation experts platform/application developers condition monitoring analysts) to develop analytics algorithms that enable condition monitoring commercial offerings of strategic importance. Example projects include: Applying machine learning/deep learning to remote sensor data to diagnose potential issues and recommend proactive repairs before failure Developing major component remaining useful life models that enable adaptive overhaul intervals while minimizing risk Enabling next-gen machine condition monitoring via digital twin capability development BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: B.S. in data science computer science applied mathematics/statistics engineering physics or similar field with quantitative coursework 1-2 years work experience in quantitative analysis and/or software development (or M.S. degree) Strong python skills for data science (numpy pandas pyspark pytorch keras etc.) TOP CANDIDATE WILL ALSO HAVE: Demonstrated practical application of advanced statistical methods machine learning and deep learning to solve technical or business challenges Familiarity with modeling/analysis or design/development of heavy equipment systems (automotive aerospace engine transmission construction mining industrial etc.) Experience with cloud technologies (AWS Azure GCP) ADDITIONAL DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Experience deploying production code on AWS in an Agile development environment Strong technical and problem-solving skills with evidence of continuous learning in data science Initiative to research and apply new methods and digital technologies to exceed customer expectations This position has the option to be based out of either our Peoria IL Chicago IL or Champaign IL offices with flexibility for partial work from home. Visa sponsorship available for eligible applicants. EEO/AA Employer. All qualified individuals - Including minorities females veterans and individuals with disabilities - are encouraged to apply. Not ready to apply? Submit your information to our Talent Network here .
data scientist,Job Description  NielsenIQ Retail Analytics helps retailers turn shopper insights into strategic advantage. We leverage our deep expertise in data science and technology to mine shopper data uncovering what drives consumer decision making. By using advanced modeling artificial intelligence and cloud-based SaaS solutions we are able to put these insights at the fingertips of our clients. As a Data Scientist you'll be an integral part of the R&D team accessing analyzing and interpreting customer-centric data to build advanced predictive models leveraging statistics mathematics and econometrics to support solutions. What you'll do Implement advanced statistical and econometric models. Interpret document and present/communicate analytical results to multiple business disciplines providing conclusions and recommendations based on customer-centric data. Work closely with Advisor/AD to implement methodology and technology that enables more efficient pricing assortment and marketing/promotion decisions in support of product roadmaps. Take analytical objectives and define data requirements. Extract clean and transform customer and item-level data for purposes of analysis modeling/segmentation and reporting. We're looking for people who have Master’s Degree in math/statistics computer science economics industrial engineering or relevant field. Minimum of 1-2 years of directly related work or intern experience in quantitative analysis. Highly proficient in SQL and Python. Strong in statistical techniques and the willingness to learn and champion methodologies for customer analysis. Ability to translate business objectives into analytical plan/framework conducting the analysis and interpreting data to derive insights and interpret results to develop and communicate recommendations to internal teams - and then to clients. Ability to translate statistical and analytical results into clear written and verbal communication to internal/external stakeholders Excellent ability to be part of multiple projects/initiatives of varying size and complexity while simultaneously meeting and exceeding deadlines in a diverse environment.  Additional Information  REF9510P  About NielsenIQ NielsenIQ is a global measurement and data analytics company that provides the most complete and trusted view available of consumers and markets worldwide. We provide consumer packaged goods manufacturers/fast-moving consumer goods and retailers with accurate actionable information and insights and a complete picture of the complex and changing marketplace that companies need to innovate and grow. Our approach marries proprietary NielsenIQ data with other data sources to help clients around the world understand what’s happening now what’s happening next and how to best act on this knowledge. We like to be in the middle of the action. That’s why you can find us at work in over 90 countries covering more than 90% of the world’s population. For more information visit www.niq.com. NielsenIQ is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer making decisions without regard to race color religion gender gender identity or expression sexual orientation national origin genetics disability status age marital status protected veteran status or any other protected class.
data scientist,Who is Recruiting from Scratch: Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers software and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital Lightspeed Ventures Tiger Global Management A16Z Accel DFJ and more. About Our Client: Our client is a next-generation financial services company building a better banking experience to help teens and young adults achieve financial independence and knowledge at an earlier age. They are on a mission to improve the financial future of the next generation by empowering teens to start their financial journey today. Our client is a well-funded Series C company that has raised more than $175M focused on disrupting the banking industry through a differentiated mobile-first consumer experience. Teens and families love their product. Our client eclipsed 1 million customers in just four months after launch and have now crossed 3 million customers in their first year on the market. If you’re looking to join a fast-growing company with a strong mission and vision that puts people first they want to meet you! The role Our client is looking for an experienced Data Scientist working on all parts of the business: Risk Growth Customer Experience to name a few. What you’ll do Fraud detection algorithms and systems that protect our client and their customers from fraud and financial loss. You will work with our client's fraud experts to understand all the details of what’s working well and where they need to fill gaps and help build an in-house decisioning platform to quickly test improve ship and track models. Systems to identify behavioral patterns among our client's users and match with correct incentives and recommendations. Systems to cleanse classify and deduplicate metadata from a large dataset of financial transactions. Collect and define requirements for data-driven projects across all company's needs. Design and implement data solutions from the ground up to help drive strategic business decisions. Leverage both new and existing data to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of our client's risk infrastructure. Design and implement predictive models as part of overall solutions. Specify design build and test data processing software. Partner with operations to quickly respond to rapidly evolving events. Help build the next generation of data products at our client. What we’re looking for 5+ years experience in data engineering or data science. A graduate degree in statistics applied mathematics computer science physical sciences or a similar technical field. Ability to communicate clearly with both technical and non-technical audiences. Excellent data analysis skills. Bias towards simple solutions that work. Experience working on financial systems fraud and risk modeling. Experience developing and deploying machine learning models. Working at our client Competitive salary based on experience with full medical and dental benefits High potential for growth Stock in an early-stage startup Flexible WFH and vacation policy Employee referral program Monthly stipend for client Card testing 401K plan Base Salary Range: $160000 to $200000
data scientist,The Data Science department’s mission is to provide analytics and insights relating to the economic markets clients and products in which CME Group operates. The team is responsible for data science machine learning analytics new tools and generating actionable insights. The team brings diverse skills and people together in a highly collaborative collegial manner. The team is one of the key thought leadership groups at the Exchange and serves business leadership to identify and promote significant market and client opportunities. Principal Accountabilities Reports directly to Global Head of Data Science (GHDS) Drive cross-functional coordination with data scientists across the department Collaborate with Data Science leadership and key stakeholders across the company Analyze Data Science projects measure impact and communicate results Communicate extensively with Global Head of Data Science and Chief Economist to formulate key department messaging Formulate polished presentations around key messaging Work with Data Science project manager and department head to coordinate priorities and drive alignment Assist with department budgeting planning and execution Coordinate travel and calendars Skills & Software Requirements: Office skills: MS Excel/Tableau MS PowerPoint/Adobe Creative Express MS Word Initiative Creativeness Communication skills Written presentation skills Hard worker/smart worker Desire to increase scope of responsibilities Education Requirements: Bachelor's Degree Other Remarks: This is a fantastic opportunity for anyone interested in gaining valuable experience in Data Science. You will learn from experienced data scientists and leaders at the world’s largest and most diversified derivatives exchange. Join us to assist in turning our trading and digital data into valuable insights using machine learning and cloud technologies. Role is based in Chicago with hybrid work schedule (2 days in office 3 days work from home) #careersatCME  CME Group: Where Futures Are Made  CME Group (www.cmegroup.com) is the world's leading derivatives marketplace. But who we are goes deeper than that. Here you can impact markets worldwide. Transform industries. And build a career shaping tomorrow. We invest in your success and you own it all while working alongside a team of leading experts who inspire you in ways big and small. Joining our company gives you the opportunity to make a difference in global financial markets every day whether you work on our industry-leading technology and risk management services our benchmark products or in a corporate services area that helps us serve our customers better. With 3500 employees located around the world we're small enough for you and your contributions to be known. But big enough for your ideas to make an impact. The pace is dynamic the work is unlike any other firm in the business and the possibilities are endless. Problem solvers difference makers trailblazers. Those are our people. And we're looking for more.  The Candidate Privacy Policy can be found here.
backend engineer,West Creek 1 (12071) United States of America Richmond Virginia Software Engineer Backend Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space while solving complex business problems in a fast-paced collaborative inclusive and iterative delivery environment? If so you’ll love the work we’re doing at Capital One. Here you'll be part of a big team of makers breakers doers and disruptors who solve real problems to meet real customer needs. We are seeking Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies.  The traditional 40-hour work week might not work for everyone so Capital One’s Technology organization is rethinking how work gets done.  As a Part-time Software Engineer at Capital One you’ll be part of an innovative new program that aims to grow our diverse and inclusive workforce by increasing part-time employment opportunities.  Part-time Program Associates will work with their managers to determine a schedule that best meets the team’s and the individual’s needs and that falls within 20 - 32 hours per week. On occasion support for an off hours implementation rollout and/or issues resolution may be required with advanced notice provided.  What you’ll do: Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design develop test implement and support technical solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends experimenting with and learning new technologies participating in internal and external technology communities mentoring other members of the engineering community Collaborate with digital product managers and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment Utilize programming languages like Java Python SQL Node Go and Scala Open Source RDBMS and NoSQL databases Container Orchestration services including Docker and Kubernetes and a variety of AWS tools and services  Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree At least 2 years of experience in software engineering  Preferred Qualifications: Master's Degree 2+ years of experience in Agile practices 1+ years of experience with AWS GCP Microsoft Azure or another cloud service 2+ years of experience in at least one of the following: Java Python 1+ years of experience working on streaming data applications (e.g. Kafka Kinesis Flink or Spark Streaming) 2+ years of experience in open source frameworks At this time Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position. No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex race color age national origin religion physical and mental disability genetic information marital status sexual orientation gender identity/assignment citizenship pregnancy or maternity protected veteran status or any other status prohibited by applicable national federal state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries including to the extent applicable Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco California Police Code Article 49 Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal state and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position and you require an accommodation please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com Capital One does not provide endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products services educational tools or other information available through this site. Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).
backend engineer,Your Job The Marketplace team is making it possible for our enterprise customers to seamlessly connect Indeed’s products to the other tools they use as part of their hiring workflow. Our goal is to remove the friction within our customers’ hiring stack so that they spend less time keeping systems in sync and more time hiring  As a Software Engineer II on the Marketplace team you will help build systems that bring together Indeed’s core platforms to the other third-party systems our customers use. This will include building and consuming APIs data pipelines and management tools to connect the dots within Indeed’s partner ecosystem. As a team that sits at the nexus between a diverse set of platforms we value adaptable developers that can learn new things quickly. Who You Are Requirements Minimum of a BS in Computer Science Computer Engineering Electrical Engineering Mathematics or a closely related computer technical field 5+ years experience programming with at least one of the following languages: Java Ruby Python Experience in full-stack web development Experience with data stores such as MongoDB PostgreSQL MySQL Experience with automated testing and continuous delivery  We get excited about candidates who have:  Experience with workflow frameworks such as AWS SWF AWS Step Functions Cadence or Temporal Demonstrated use of Kafka SQS RabbitMQ or other messaging frameworks Strong experience with Java and Spring Boot. Who we are The Enterprise business organization is focused on delivering value for Indeed’s largest customers. We are driven by Indeed’s mission to help all people get jobs by helping enterprise employers make the best hires at scale. Our work is very important to us as Enterprise employers are consistently rated among the top places to work globally. Our approach is multi-faceted with many dedicated product and engineering professionals driving innovation with our biggest clients in mind. Our Mission As the world’s number 1 job site* our mission is to help people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers.  (*comScore Total Visits September 2021) Salary Range Disclaimer The base salary range represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to location experience and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) an open Paid Time Off policy and many region-specific benefits. Salary Range Transparency US Remote 109000 - 159000 USD per year Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement Indeed is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is not only valued but prioritized. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion gender gender identity or expression family status marital status sexual orientation national origin genetics neuro-diversity disability age or veteran status or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds.  Indeed is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in the employment application process. To request an accommodation please contact Talent Attraction Help at 1-855-567-7767 or by email at TAhelp@indeed.com at least one week in advance of your interview.  Fair Chance Hiring We value diverse experiences including those who have had prior contact with the criminal legal system. We are committed to providing individuals with criminal records including formerly incarcerated individuals a fair chance at employment.  Our Policies and Benefits View Indeed's Applicant Privacy and Accessibility Policies - https://www.indeed.com/legal/indeed-jobs Learn about our global employee perks programs and benefits - https://benefits.indeed.jobs/  Where legally permitted Indeed requires all individuals attending or working out of Indeed offices or visiting Indeed clients to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For positions that can only be performed at an Indeed office candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and present acceptable proof of vaccination by the date of hire as a condition of employment. For positions that require some in-office work or in-person client meetings exceptions to these in-office or in-person job requirements may be made at the discretion of the business through June 2022 at which point full vaccination will be required. Indeed will consider requests for reasonable accommodation as required under applicable law. To qualify as being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 there should have been a two week period after receiving the second dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a 2-dose COVID-19 vaccine series or a two week period after receiving a single-dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a single dose COVID-19 vaccine.  Reference ID: 40151
backend engineer,Farmer's Fridge is on a mission to make it simple for everyone to eat well. We serve healthy handcrafted meals and snacks from our growing network of 400+ software-enabled vending machines that we refer to as smart Fridges. We are striving to change the food system from the ground up – one Fridge or delivery at a time. We are a team that cares -– about the business the impact our product makes and each other. We are data-driven innovative and quick to move on a good idea. We are looking for people who want to collaborate in an entrepreneurial inclusive culture and have a passion to succeed. The Sr Software Engineer will... be responsible for the systems that power our digital ecosystem. Our goal is to provide a unique dynamic and personalized experience for each customer no matter their choice of platform. Work cross-functionally with the Product Design and Marketing teams to identify issues and potential improvements to operational workflows Work closely with our data engineering team to get data to start slicing and dicing get insights migrating to production planner Increase automation and anomaly detection throughout our platform Develop and extend our API that is used across all of our platforms Deliver quality software using Agile and iterative development Help teammates by performing code reviews and serving as a mentor to some of our more junior teammates What Your Background May Look Like: Several years of solid backend engineering work in more than one language not afraid to delve into different technologies Experience designing building and supporting greenfield projects preferred Experience designing and implementing solutions on a public cloud (AWS GCP Azure) Experience with at least one of the following languages: Go Python or Java. Some React experience would be a plus. Experience in serverless modern architecture Experience collaborating with business leaders and engineers to understand and define project goals Experience mentoring junior engineers You are about ready for that next step in your career - we're looking for somebody who can soon grow into an Engineering Manager or Principal Engineer role Who You Are: Problem-Solver - You enjoy tackling obstacles. You have the ability to understand issues from multiple angles and uncover the best path forward Communicator - You can convey ideas clearly and effectively; however your secret power is listening and understanding Improvement-Oriented - Proven ability to learn new skills quickly and an eye for optimization Egoless - You know that the best way to innovate is through teamwork. You are humble and eager to solve problems by learning from and collaborating with others. Benefits at Farmer's Fridge: In This Together - Our HQ employees are currently working from home but we stay connected virtually with weekly town hall meetings social hours and remote game nights. Our bonus roles as taste testers are also still intact! You can sample what new items we're cooking up in our test kitchen with our menu team's no-contact "employee drive-thru". Happier Weekdays - Each day at work should fill you with joy not dread. We're a fun and passionate group and we don't take ourselves too seriously. Bring your unique self to work dress comfortably and always feel free to share your thoughts and opinions. We encourage curiosity and inquiry; there's no hierarchy here when we're all swapping ideas. Innovate & Elevate - We're all teachers and learners. You'll grow and help grow the company through cross-functional collaboration open access to leadership and regular business updates. You have a direct impact on the company's bottom line. You can also impact your personal bottom line by participating in our 401(k) plan that includes a company match with immediate vesting and you'll succeed alongside our business with our bonus and equity plans. #LI-LF1 Farmer's Fridge is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all employment practices including hiring without regard to race color religion national origin sex gender identity sexual orientation age disability status veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal state or local law. View our disclosures related to External Agencies and Applicants below: https://www.farmersfridge.com/careerdisclosures
backend engineer,ReviewTrackers empowers businesses to understand their customers better through advanced review and customer feedback technology. ReviewTrackers software business solutions allow for analyzing amplifying and maximizing customer feedback to accelerate customer acquisition and improve customer retention while driving more authentic connections with customers. At ReviewTrackers we cultivate an inclusive dynamic fun and communicative team environment. We value crafting a team that has a diverse set of backgrounds and respects a healthy expression of diverse opinions. We work to inspire our team to experiment with new ideas while collaborating and communicating with one another to find solutions! ReviewTrackers is currently looking for a passionate self-motivated and collaborative Backend Engineer to join our Engineering Team. As a backend engineer at ReviewTrackers you will help deliver complex new features that provide our users with unique business insights. You’ll help to maintain healthy code repositories as we strive to spend one fourth of our time tackling tech debt. You’ll get the opportunity to contribute to our web application and work in an event driven architecture. The majority of our work is done in Ruby Postgres and RabbitMQ. There are opportunities to touch Golang and Python as well. Join us as we continue to change the way businesses interact with their customers! * #BI-Remote* #LI-Remote What you will be working on: Cutting-edge products that involve natural language processing and business intelligence analysis. Iterations on features through a deep collaboration with the Product team. Ever improving code repositories that are deployed daily and tested thoroughly. Collaborating with fellow engineers to solve new technical problems. What you will bring to the table: At least 1.5+ years of practical use of programming in a modern programming language(s) Advanced experience with one or more of the following technologies: Ruby Python Golang PostgreSQL SQL (Preferred experience using Ruby and PostgreSQL in a production environment) Experience participating in the architecture and design of new and existing products The motivation to learn new skills while contributing phenomenal work and striving to be the best version of yourself while working on a collaborative team Legally authorized to work in the U.S. Who you will be working with: You will be reporting to the Engineering Manager and will be meeting weekly to develop a clear and defined promotional path. You will be working in our engineering organization of 20+ engineers and on a team of 3-5 other engineers a product manager product designer. You will be cross collaborating with the product team to create data-driven solutions. You will be working with the product team to POC product ideas collected from all ReviewTrackers employees Perks and Benefits at ReviewTrackers: Blue Cross Blue Shield Healthcare benefits covered at 100% by ReviewTrackers for yourself with the option for family coverage at 25% by ReviewTrackers Flexible PTO policy Company-sponsored 401K matching at 3% FSA or HSA benefits are available Pre-taxed transit benefits Volunteer & Fundraising initiatives Monthly Company newsletter Quarterly all hands meeting to review strategy demo new products share learnings and celebrate our wins Virtual ‘Take Your Coworker to Lunch’ paid for by ReviewTrackers WFH Office Stipend Virtual events without size speakers to learn and grow as a team Company Kindle along with unlimited books of your choice ReviewTrackers provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race color religion age sex national origin disability status genetics protected veteran status sexual orientation gender identity or expression or any other characteristic protected by federal state or local laws. Job Type: Full-time
backend engineer,Who is Recruiting from Scratch:  Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers software and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital Lightspeed Ventures Tiger Global Management A16Z Accel DFJ and more. About Our Client Our client is a new cryptocurrency that takes no shortcuts on privacy and usability. Privacy isn’t just important it’s essential to crypto’s success. Their vision is to become a shielded layer for many more assets even ones on different chains and provide a platform for true digital cash. A core belief at our client is that privacy and ease-of-use are not in opposition. Users and developers deserve both. Their codebase is TypeScript + Rust so the world's 1M+ JavaScript developers can contribute. The current implementation is even compatible to run a full our client node directly in the browser in future iterations. They are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to work on the core protocol and supporting tools. You will work collaboratively with their team members on developing new protocol features and focus on optimization scale and performance of a purely decentralized peer to peer (p2p) system. The team is made up of curious passionate kind individuals who deeply care about making a product that's a pleasure to use. If that sounds like you we'd love to hear from you :) Responsibilities: As an engineer in a fast growing company the day-to-day may vary. But here is some of what you can expect to do: Build document and maintain tests features and infrastructure Communicate and document architectural designs and requirements Write high quality well-tested code What we are looking for Written production-level code in Node React JavaScript TypeScript or Rust Worked in at least one of our focus areas: Cryptocurrency architecture development Web and/or Electron application development P2P application development Security Nice to haves You have experience with blockchains (e.g. Bitcoin Ethereum and other implementations) Interested in cryptography (e.g. zero-knowledge proofs) Benefits: PTO Health Benefits and More! Base Salary Range: $130000 to $200000
backend engineer,Backend Software Engineer DESCRIPTION  Who are we? You may not know us yet but we are the company keeping the apps on your smart devices bug free. Mobot is an on demand testing platform - powered by AI computer vision and a fleet of robots (yes real mechanical robots!) - for mobile apps on actual devices. Our mission is to revolutionize the way engineering teams test & develop their products. We work with software teams in all kinds of industries – mobile e-commerce FinTech health and IoT (to name a few) – providing automated testing of their mobile products and smart devices. We've raised money from world-class B2B enterprise SaaS investors including Primary Venture Partners Bling Capital Y Combinator and more (stay tuned!) and are looking to grow our 20-person team. What we are looking for Mobot is seeking a thoughtful collaborative and talented Backend Software Engineer to build the future of physical QA infrastructure in the cloud. Our stack is Clojure ClojureScript C C++ and Python on various cloud infrastructure platforms. We're looking for engineers with high integrity low ego and an insatiable drive to learn. This role is remote - with a strong preference for candidates who can work synchronously with our East-coast based team. If you'd rather work out of our awesome NYC office you are welcome to do so too! Candidates must be authorized to work in the United States. The Role We are looking for a Backend Software Engineer to own our core data model (and much much more) as we evolve and scale our platform. You'll work with backend devops and mech to expand our backend web service. If leading a team is your jam - great - this role is a chance to lead a small team of backend developers. If you'd rather focus on code - that's fine with us too. This is a ground-floor opportunity to shape the way engineering teams release apps used by millions of our customers' end users every day. Responsibilities We are a small but mighty team where everyone thinks and punches above their weight. While we expect the most successful candidates to focus heavily on the backend your responsibilities will evolve as you grow with Mobot. Here are some emblematic projects you will support as soon as you join: Own and extend our core data model as our product increases in complexity and scope Develop smarter and faster matching and assessment frameworks to improve the speed and accuracy of our platform Enable the team to thoughtfully improve our product Jump into full stack (if necessary) for key feature pushes - both as we design and build Foster a collaborative culture and inclusive work environment REQUIREMENTS Must-haves 5+ years of professional experience as a software engineer A demonstrated knowledge of Clojure Ownership - experience owning a broad scope of responsibilities in a low structure high impact rapidly evolving environment Independence - capable of ideating and developing specs on your own amidst ambiguity Collaboration - we believe software development is a team process. We use a rich supportive and collaborative design process - and expect you to contribute thoughtfully and respectfully Polish & passion - immense pride in and passion for your work - we are building high-quality tools for other development teams Nice-to-haves Bonus points if you've worked in an early-stage startup Experience contributing to open-source projects Familiarity with cloud-based infrastructure and delivery pipelines Passion for robots!  Why us? Diversity comes from the top. We're a team of all-ages and all education backgrounds (our CEO and VP of engineering don't have college degrees - we don't think you necessarily need to either!) The opportunity to work on hard and interesting problems connecting software and the physical world of mobile device platforms A rare chance to define a new type of infrastructure service supporting other developers Some fantastic benefits Competitive salary and equity packages Generous PTO 401k with automatic employer contribution Comprehensive health benefits Paid family leave Commuter benefits Daily meal reimbursement Much more! How to Apply Does this role sound like a good fit? Interested candidates should submit a resume LinkedIn Profile Mobots come in all shapes sizes and backgrounds. We are focused on building a diverse and inclusive workforce. If you're excited about this role but do not meet 100% of the qualifications listed above we still encourage you to apply.  Mobots come in all shapes sizes and backgrounds. We're focused on building a diverse and inclusive workforce. If you're excited about this role but do not meet 100% of the qualifications listed above we still encourage you to apply.
backend engineer,Implement the technical direction of The Data Engineering Team Work closely with the Platform Development Managers the Data Engineering team and implement/maintain data infrastructures used by the Product and Platform team. Build out both QA and Production Airflow environment based on MWAA. Plan out a redshift migration between two AWS environments.  MPI does not discriminate on the basis of race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity or expression national origin age disability veteran status marital status or based on an individual's status in any group or class protected by applicable federal state or local law. MPI encourages applications from minorities women the disabled protected veterans and all other qualified applicants. Experience in mechanics of both software engineering and scalable data infrastructure. Has a deep expertise with cloud based distributed data platforms such as AWS. Experience with Airflow ELT design optimization and maintaining data storage systems using S3 and Redshift (or similar tools). Deep knowledge of SQL and Python. Our client is the leading athletic recruiting and path-to-college solutions provider in the United States. Their overall mission is to ultimately assist in efforts to place respective athletes in the schools of their dreams. 100% Remote Opportunity. Unlimited PTO Medical/Dental/Vision 401k Quarterly Team Summits
backend engineer,We are seeking a Software Engineer - Backend (PHP) to join our talented development team. This person will be responsible for the development of new features and functionality for our eCommerce sites ensuring that they meet the needs of our customers. Primary Duties and Responsibilities: Collaborate with Agile team members and business stakeholders to solve business needs. Work with senior team members to develop enterprise web applications using object-oriented techniques in Symfony framework on a LAMP stack utilizing several open-source technologies. Help develop new features and systems as well as improve existing platform components. Support integration with 3rd party tools and services as well as integration between different in-house systems. Utilize data mining and analytics techniques including multi-database reporting. Qualifications and Required Skills Bachelor’s Degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science Computer Engineering or equivalent experience. 1 - 3 years of software development experience. Working knowledge of PHP MySQL and JavaScript is preferred but other languages and technologies may be acceptable as well. Advanced knowledge of object-oriented programming techniques and software design patterns. Comprehensive understanding of web platforms and technologies including HTTP REST APIs and JSON. Firm understanding of eCommerce/eBusiness platforms and payment systems. Desired Skills (Technical) Working experience in a development / test team employing Agile Scrum or Kanban. Capable of working with existing code bases identifying areas of improvement and refactoring using industry best-practices. Experience with Service Oriented Architecture ElasticSearch Cassandra Node.js github and/or Amazon Web Services. Knowledge of web caching tools like Varnish Apache Igniteand NGINX Experience with AMPQ technologies including Rabbit MQ Apache Qpid or similar. JavaScript experience including jQuery. Familiarity with Atlassian tools such as Jira Confluence Bamboo and/or Stash. Experience with tools such as Grafana Kibana and Splunk. Desired Skills (Personal) Demonstrates initiative willingness to adapt and ability to work in a team Identifies opportunities for improvement and takes initiative Recognizes the benefits of continuous learning and is motivated to discover new ideas Adaptable to changing requirements environments and capable of pivoting quickly Possesses solid communication skills and can present opinions in a clear and concise manner Active participant in meetings and able to consistently add value to discussions Able to train and/or mentor junior level engineers Benefits Medical Insurance from Blue Cross Blue Shield including HSA HMO and PPO options. Prescription dental and vision insurance. Employer-paid life AD&D and disability insurance. Employer-paid employee assistance program. Generous FTO (flexible time off). 401k retirement benefits plan with a company match. Voluntary legal support services & pet insurance. Salary commensurate with work experience and education. Ecentria is the winner of many prestigious HR-driven awards including: Best & Brightest Place to Work in Chicago 2021 Best & Brightest Place to Work in Chicago 2020 Best & Brightest Place to Work in Chicago 2019 Top Workplace in Chicago (Chicago Tribune Award) 2019 Top Workplace in Chicago (Chicago Tribune Award) 2018 Best & Brightest Place to Work in the Nation 2018  Work Location - Northbrook IL (Hybrid or Remote) Ecentria and its affiliates are an Equal Opportunity Employer. The Company does not discriminate on the basis of race religion color sex gender identity sexual orientation age non-disqualifying physical or mental disability national origin veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications merit and business need. Ecentria and its affiliates are Drug Free Workplaces.
backend engineer,Avail is a car sharing service to help people get where they want to go–whether that’s to run errands take an unforgettable road trip or explore a new city–while helping locals earn cash from their unused cars. We are passionate about making shared transportation safe simple and affordable and redefining what it means to own a car.  We’ve assembled some of the sharpest folks from across industries to compete against the antiquated system of traditional car rental. We put ideas into action and learn along the way in an open collaborative work environment. As a part of Avail you’ll make a direct impact and help build a business from the ground up. No matter where you’ve been we’re always looking for fresh thinking and new perspectives. Job Summary:  We are looking for a technical proactive and passionate Backend Engineer who embraces challenges and is a proven leader. As a Software Engineer you will represent the technical leadership of Avail acting as the technical point of contact for major initiatives and projects possibly involving multiple pods or guilds or with architectural implications for the whole Avail system. You will be called upon to provide architectural design define technical plans and pull together the engineering efforts of other engineers. You will also lead by example through generating high-quality code and frameworks that act as standards for the entire team and which can be emulated and extended by their colleagues. You will be a part of multiple teams tasked with multiple full life-cycle projects building Web Apps using React and Back End services in Node.js and Java that are highly functional secure scalable and robust. You will get an excellent mobility experience that will help you throughout your career.  Key Responsibilities: We expect our Software Engineers to do much more than just write high-quality code. Have an intimate understanding of our architecture patterns and champion technical initiatives across all teams Partner closely with multi-functional teams to produce an application that flows seamlessly and works intuitively for our customers Comfortable communicating with and presenting to non-technical teams Come up with creative solutions to solve problems and work with teams to garner buy-in and commitment Mentor peers and new hires as needed and promulgate the Avail core values Able to define and identify improvements in our CI/CD pipelines This position is a permanent remote home-based worker. Your home office does not need to be near an Allstate office but it does need to be in the United States. This position is eligible for a monthly connectivity reimbursement to offset the costs of internet and phone expenses.  Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science preferred Expertise with modern JavaScript UI frameworks like React Expertise in one of the server-side web application frameworks and languages in Java and Node.js. Expertise in relational and non-relational databases like MongoDB or PostgresDB Good understanding of Object-Oriented Concepts Service-Oriented Architectures Distributed Systems Design Concepts and Computer Science fundamentals Expertise in hosted application infrastructure such as AWS Driven and self-motivated problem-solver. Work creatively to solve challenging problems Willingness to work with different technologies Notes: The preceding description is not designed to be a complete list of all duties and responsibilities. May be required to perform other related duties as assigned. Regular predictable attendance is an essential function of this job. Compensation offered for this role is $100400.00-$159575.00 per year and is based on experience and qualifications. This role also includes a targeted yearly bonus.  That’s the day to day here’s the bigger picture. Avail was founded by The Allstate Corporation in 2018. But you’ll be working for (and at) Avail. Our work environment blends the ingenuity and flexibility of a startup with the scale and strengths of a Fortune 100 company. Perks include a generous PTO policy flexible working options and a focus on leadership wellness and culture. We also offer 401k health insurance and other employment benefits for your future. See a job you love? We encourage you to apply even if your experience isn’t a perfect match. Learn more about life at Avail. Connect with us on Instagram and LinkedIn.  We generally do not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.  Effective July 1 2014 under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242 it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.  For jobs in San Francisco please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.  To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs  To view the FMLA poster click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.  It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry age color disability genetic information gender gender identity gender expression sexual and reproductive health decision marital status medical condition military or veteran status national origin race (include traits historically associated with race including but not limited to hair texture and protective hairstyles) religion (including religious dress) sex or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship including but not limited to hiring training salary administration promotion job assignment benefits discipline and separation of employment.
backend engineer,We are looking for a talented and passionate generalist to join our diverse engineering team as a core member. Some of the things we are working on include: scaling and structuring big data machine learning creating simple and clean interfaces and integrating any API we can get our hands on. Skills & Requirements Significant development experience in server-side technologies. Deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms and when to use what. Has demonstrated product ownership and has actually shipped them. Good communication skills. Ability to write clean performant code. Advanced Ruby knowledge a plus.   Please include your resumé and GitHub profile.
backend engineer,Who we are TruckMap is a cross-platform mapping app that helps tens of thousands of truck drivers get to where they're going every day. We're focused on making these drivers' jobs easier and safer and impacting how 7% of the U.S. economy moves around every year. We need you to help us create the new features that will continue to make TruckMap every truck driver's favorite app. About you You're a smart thoughtful engineer who wants to work on a small product-focused team. You understand data structures can investigate incidents and differentiate memory I/O and CPU bottlenecks. You have experience designing maintaining and deploying large and growing distributed systems You are extremely curious and excited about finding out how many more requests we can handle without any downtime You hate manual processes and love to automate all the things to reduce toil Preferred but not required Experience building and maintaining systems to monitor and improve availability and scalability Experience with container systems (Kubernetes Docker AWS ECS etc) Great communication skills and eager to educate the team about best reliability practices Experience with highly available high throughput REST APIs About the role You'll be a core developer to our Node backend platform which powers our custom truck navigation product for carriers fleet managers and other supply chain users. You should have experience optimizing Postgres database performance background Redis queues container deployment systems and scaling distributed systems horizontally. About us We use React Native Next.js and Redux on the front-end and NodeJS Express Postgres PostGIS and Sequelize on the back-end. We use services like Algolia OneSignal Sentry Amplitude and Fastlane so we can focus on creating the best product experience for drivers. We're a small but growing company and we want to maintain an encouraging and user-centric culture as we grow. We have a friendly atmosphere a strong work ethic and a desire to build useful products that make our customers' lives better. 6I9AYhUwgT
backend engineer,With our digital-first approach at Babylon we strive to provide accessible and affordable healthcare to everyone on Earth. The Higi division at Babylon operates a nation-wide fleet of smart health stations that help over ten million users in thousands of locations manage their health conditions such as hypertension obesity diabetes and heart disease. Learn more about our Higi product line here. We are looking for software engineers who are technically savvy and passionate about making the world a better place. As a backend engineer on our team you will build out cloud-based microservices that power our health stations to take health insights and recommendations to our users to the next level. You will design implement and unit test new features and ensure that they are secure performant and scalable. You will collaborate with the Product DevOps and QA teams to ensure that the services meet high quality standards successfully operate in production and empower our users to monitor their health assess health risks and engage in healthy habits. Tech Stack C# .NET 6/.NET Framework REST Microservices Git Snowflake Airflow Azure Cloud and many Azure tools and services (Service Bus Storage Cosmos Db Pipelines etc.). Requirements BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related field 2+ years of professional industry experience as a software engineer Strong skills using object-oriented programming languages such as C# Java or C++ Solid skills in object-oriented programming concepts and design patterns Basic understanding of REST API design and utilization Experience practicing Agile and/or Scrum methodologies Desired Experience writing secure scalable and performance-optimized code for a cloud environment Experience in the healthcare industry or other regulated industries PERKS AT WORK Competitive salary New Hire Company Stock Grants (RSU) Refresh Company Stock Grants (RSU) Unlimited PTO 401k with employer matching contribution Excellent Medical dental and vision plans Access to flexible spending account and health savings account Competitive retirement plan Flexible working hours/remote working options WORKING AT BABYLON Whether you work in one of our amazing offices or a distributed team Babylon is highly collaborative and fun! You'll have a chance to work in a fast-paced environment with experienced industry leaders. We have a learning environment where you can make an impact. WHO WE ARE We are a team on a mission to put accessible and affordable healthcare in the hands of every person on earth. Our mission is bold and ambitious and it's one that's shared by our team who shares our values to dream big build fast and be brilliant. To achieve this we've brought together one of the largest teams of scientists clinicians mathematicians and engineers to focus on combining the ever-growing computing power of machines with the best medical expertise of humans to create a comprehensive immediate and personalized health service and make it universally available. At Babylon our people aren't just part of a team they're part of something bigger. We're a vibrant community of creative thinkers and doers forging the way for a new generation of healthcare. We're only as good as our people. So finding the best people is everything to us. We serve millions but we choose our people one at a time… DIVERSITY AT BABYLON We believe that difference inspires a better healthier world. That's why it's at the heart of everything we do. From our people to our products difference enriches every part of our business and creates a culture based on equality of opportunity and in which all Babylonians can progress their careers. We're committed to creating an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants without regard to race colour religion sex pregnancy status national origin age physical and mental disability marital status sexual orientation gender identity gender expression genetic information and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
backend engineer,About the Company Otus offers a seamless K-12 learning platform for administrators teachers students and families. We do this by implementing amazing ideas from awesome people and we need more awesomeness on our team. Are you passionate collaborative love to geek out on technology and want to work for a mission-driven company that is shaping the way teachers students and parents of students learn together? If so we want to hear from you. Our diverse team consists of talented designers developers coaches and leaders who share a variety of interests. You'll find musicians world travelers beer enthusiasts nerds sports fans and all-around great people who shape our positive culture. * Your Role* We are looking for a talented and highly motivated Sr. Back End Application Engineer to help bring the best possible software solutions to educators. As an early member of a growing team you must possess a strong work ethic and be upbeat driven intelligent well-organized articulate share a passion for learning new technologies and thrive in a fun fast-paced environment. You will have the opportunity to immediately contribute and see the results of your work in use by students teachers parents and district administrators across the country. * Responsibilities* Collaborate with engineers UI/UX designers and product owners to build & ship new features and maintain/enhance existing ones Lead technical projects and initiatives for your team breakdown business requirements to technical work research solutions and guide implementation Mentor other engineers on solutions and implementation and model high quality development Become an expert in the road maps and implementation for your product features Develop ship and support high quality features in our backend applications Contribute improvements to our backend platform Qualifications 7+ years of development experience You have at least 2 projects that have seen regular high amounts of traffic (~2000 concurrent users) You have at least 1 project with high-performance data processing and event pipelines in a distributed architecture - CDC Kafka SQL dbt or similar technologies You have at least 1 project consisting of multiple Node.js microservices Typescript is a plus You have at least 1 project deployed in Kubernetes (AWS EKS) You have worked full-time remote on a distributed/remote team You deliver your code to production and address production issues Nice to Haves Experience with backend frameworks such as NestJS Experience working with and migrating legacy code bases Experience with building & integrating CI/CD pipelines Experience building backends on other platforms (JVM etc) Experience with edtech products and services Benefits and Perks Competitive salary and employee stock options 20 PTO days per year 15 paid holidays including your birthday and a day to do something you love to do Up to 12 weeks of parental leave and great work/life balance Our team mostly works remotely from the comfort of their homes (HQ in Chicago) Excellent medical dental and vision insurance Professional development/tuition reimbursement Work From Home Allowance Life Insurance and disability benefits 401K with an employer match (up to 4%) Otus is an Equal Opportunity Employer and embraces diversity of every kind. You must be legally authorized to work in the US. Unfortunately the company is unable to support sponsorships at this time. Job Type: Full-time
backend engineer,The world isn’t standing still and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities. Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication telematics digital photo claims and more recently device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. Job Summary: Software Engineer Consultant II implements applications following 12-factor principles to build out the product and iterative enhancements. They partner on full stack of software products; developing and implementing frontends (web or mobile) and backend services. They leverage test driven development and continuous integration to ensure agility and quality of products. They actively participate in the decision-making process of the team ensuring that the simplest appropriate technology and design is chosen to meet user needs. Key Responsibilities: Participates in iteration planning meetings ensuring that the team has a common understanding of each story and chores in a team's backlog Participates in daily site cross-site and product team standups Participates in retrospectives to gather feedback and derive actionable items to improve the team and the product Collaborates within the team in designing systems and apps Practices daily paired programming and test-driven development in writing software and building products Establishes continuous integration continuous delivery and continuous deployment pipelines and practices Provides support for software products in user environments Participates in knowledge sharing and contributes to the overall growth of the collective knowledge of the team Functional Skills: Understanding of computer science concepts object-oriented design principles Some experience developing software in different programming languages Some experience in backend development design and implementation Some experience in responsive web front end / single page application development using modular JavaScript including apps targeted for mobile devices Education and Experience: 2 or more years of related experience Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience Supervisory Responsibilities: This job does not have supervisory duties. Notes: The preceding description is not designed to be a complete list of all duties and responsibilities. May be required to perform other related duties as assigned. Regular predictable attendance is an essential function of this job. Compensation offered for this role is and is based on experience and qualifications. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance medical and dental insurance as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. For a full description of Allstate’s benefits visit allstate.jobs/benefits/ Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter Facebook Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.  Effective July 1 2014 under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242 it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.  For jobs in San Francisco please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.  To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs  To view the FMLA poster click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.  It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry age color disability genetic information gender gender identity gender expression sexual and reproductive health decision marital status medical condition military or veteran status national origin race (include traits historically associated with race including but not limited to hair texture and protective hairstyles) religion (including religious dress) sex or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship including but not limited to hiring training salary administration promotion job assignment benefits discipline and separation of employment.
backend engineer,REMOTE Backend Developer- Python If you are a REMOTE Backend Developer- Python with experience please read on!  Python engineers of all levels welcome to apply ! Top Reasons to Work with Us Work with a well established company under the umbrella of a 150+ year old company! 100% remote Great salaries benefits & PTO! Yearly bonuses What You Will Be Doing Deliver software features with exceptional quality meeting designated release plans and delivery commitments.  Work closely with other team members in guiding software architecture and technology decisions.  Mentor document and share knowledge growing the technical capability of the team around you.  Participate in the on-call support rotation for services the team owns while building up our runbooks and support infrastructure.  Clearly and thoroughly document and communicate to team and business partners.  Follow software engineering best practices in code architecture and testing. What You Need for this Position Python RESTful Web Services API Docker Kubernetes What's In It for You Vacation/PTO: 15 days+ holiday/end of year vacation Medical Dental Vision 401k: 4% Bonus Benefits Vacation/PTO: 15 days+ holiday/end of year vacation Medical Dental Vision 401k: 4% Bonus So if you are a REMOTE Backend Developer- Python with experience please apply today! Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits please contact Maria Reyes Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.  CyberCoders Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex national origin disability protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.  Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
sqa engineer,Gaming: Welcome to the world of land-based gaming. Light & Wonder’s gaming team builds cutting-edge technology products and content for the most iconic casinos and operators across the globe. Position Summary The Associate Software Quality Assurance Engineer is responsible for developing and executing tests on new and existing products to ensure they meet the requisite functional technical and regulatory compliance and maintain high overall product quality. The Associate SQA should have an understanding of the software test methodologies and procedures in order to ensure testing efficiency and a high level of quality. Essential Job Functions Develop and execute test plans and test scripts for new and existing game themes and operating systems Follow all of the SQA Work Instructions on a daily basis Submit track and assist with escalation if needed any product issues found during testing to ensure that they are resolved Utilize all required databases for SQA functions and testing Provide input to the weekly project status report for each assigned project Provide detailed Completion Report at the end of each project Interface with other members of Product Development in order to effectively communicate and assist with resolution of all reported issues in a timely manner before the gaming product is released Understanding of software test methodologies/procedures and the overall product development lifecycle Reproduce issues when necessary in order to assist software development in resolving issues Assist the SQA Department on special projects Introduce process improvement initiatives Establish key contacts with upstream organizations that have a direct impact on SQA Attend OS Dev and Game Dev Code Reviews. Qualifications Academic and/or working knowledge of Visual Studio Academic and/or work experience with C and/or C++ and/or C# Academic and/or working knowledge of Linux/Unix/Windows Academic and/or proficiency with Microsoft Word Excel and Outlook. Education Bachelors degree in related field.  Years of Related Experience 0-2 years of experience.  Physical Requirements The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to sit stand walk bend use hands operate a computer and have specific vision abilities to include close and distance vision and ability to adjust focus working with computer and business equipment.  Work Conditions Light & Wonder and its affiliates (collectively “L&W”) are engaged in highly regulated gaming and lottery businesses. As a result certain L&W employees may among other things be required to obtain a gaming or other license(s) undergo background investigations or security checks or meet certain standards dictated by law regulation or contracts. In order to ensure L&W complies with its regulatory and contractual commitments as a condition to hiring and continuing to employ its employees L&W requires all of its employees to meet those requirements that are necessary to fulfill their individual roles. As a prerequisite to employment with L&W (to the extent permitted by law) you shall be asked to consent to L&W conducting a due diligence/background investigation on you.  This job description should not be interpreted as all-inclusive; it is intended to identify major responsibilities and requirements of the job. The employee in this position may be requested to perform other job-related tasks and responsibilities than those stated above. #LI-KG1 #LI-Hybrid Light & Wonder is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants due to race color sex age national origin religion sexual orientation gender identity status as a veteran and basis of disability or any other federal state or local protected class. If you’d like more information about your equal employment opportunity rights as an applicant under the law please click here for EEOC Poster .
sqa engineer,About iRhythm: iRhythm is a leading digital healthcare company focused on the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable bio sensing technology with powerful cloud-based data analytics and Artificial Intelligence capabilities. Our goal is to be the leading provider of ambulatory ECG monitoring for patients at risk for arrhythmias. iRhythm's continuous ambulatory monitoring has already put over 4 million patients and their doctors on a shorter path to what they both need – answers. About this role: The iRhythm Systems Quality Assurance and Test Engineering team is looking for an experienced System SQA Engineer. Our work environment is fast-paced with a collaborative atmosphere. Most of all we are passionate about delivering innovations that improve the quality of health care and the patient experience. We are looking for like-minded individuals to join our team today! Our work environment is fast-paced with a collaborative atmosphere. Most of all we are passionate about delivering innovations that improve the quality of health care and the patient experience. We are looking for like-minded individuals to join our team today! Responsibilities include: Plan design and execute system-level testing of the cardiac monitoring devices and supporting software applications. Develop written verification protocols and subsequently document and report test results to both functional and customer requirements - in a manner consistent with regulatory and internal standards. Review software requirements and design documentations to ensure technical accuracy as well as testability; act as a quality advocate throughout the development cycle with focus on end-user (internal external patient) needs. Provide estimates for SQA efforts required based on protocols developed. Seek out opportunities to automate labor intensive manual tests and work with automation engineers on roadmaps and prioritization. Plan design and execute testing using Agile methodology. Passion for teamwork collaboration and open communication.  Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree in a technical discipline with at least 3 years of Software QA experience. Strong understanding of QA principles and processes preferable in a FDA regulated environment. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills finding creative solutions. Great communication skills. Experience working in Agile development environment. Self-motivated with ability to work independently as well as to collaborate with other engineers. Effective written and verbal communication skills in presentation of methods and observations. Highly technical individual. Aptitude to troubleshoot device-level firmware issues using electronic lab equipment. Desired Technical Qualifications Previous experience testing medical devices and the related verification validation and documentation requirements. Programming experience in one or more of the following languages: Java Python C/C++ and/or .NET/C#. Working knowledge of AWS or other Cloud Platforms. Experience developing automated tests. Proficiency with MySQL in Linux environment. Familiarity with the software QA process in the medical device industry or other regulated environment (e.g. FAA SEC DoD Title 21 CFR part 11) and the related verification validation and documentation requirements. Understanding of Test-Driven Development and related use of unit testing approaches and tools (e.g. JUnit). What's in it for you: This is a full-time position with competitive compensation package excellent benefits including medical dental and vision insurance (all of which start on your first day) paid holidays and PTO! iRhythm also provides additional benefits including 401K (with company match) an Employee Stock Purchase Plan paid parental leave pet insurance discount Cultural Committee/Charity events and so much more! FLSA Status: Exempt As a part of our core values we ensure a diverse and inclusive workforce. We welcome and celebrate people of all backgrounds experiences skills and perspectives. iRhythm Technologies Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/V/D). Pursuant to San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance we will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Make iRhythm your path forward #LI-AR1 #LI-Remote
sqa engineer,Job Summary  We’re looking for a candidate who has a strong understanding of SQA methodologies and practices knowledge in agile/scrum methodologies and recent experience in developing automated test cases coding and enhancing test automation frameworks. In this role you will Work in a fast-paced environment with software engineers product and program managers in an Agile/SCRUM environment to deliver a high-quality work Establish and develop a test automation framework for Walgreen’s software products Develop and evaluate test automation scripts within a defined automation framework Plan and execute automation tasks and ensure testing standards are followed within team Contribute to test automation process improvements Partner with other engineers to increase test coverage Become proficient in understanding "the bigger picture" and how different software engineering components are linked together  Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree and at least 2 years of Engineering Software Engineering or similar field experience OR High School/ GED and at least 4 years of Engineering Software Engineering or similar field experience Experience writing code for applications or automation Experience with programming languages for online applications microservices APIs or mobile applications Experience building testing applications or automation Knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle Experience creating coding solutions to fix moderate problems/issues Willing to travel up to 5% of the time for business purposes (domestically and/or internationally).  Preferred Qualifications Minimum of 2 years of test development and test automation experience. Experience with implementing test automation tools and frameworks (e.g. Selenium WebDriver and Nightwatch.js.) Experience in writing and executing stable and high-quality automated test scripts analyzing and interpreting test results and ability to perform code reviews raise technical bar identify risks record and track defects Proficient in JavaScript or another object-oriented programming language Excellent knowledge of test automation methodologies best practices (e.g. Page Object Model) Experience with relational and NoSQL databases such as MongoDB Cosmos Experience in working in Agile/SCRUM Methodology Comprehend user stories to understand task items per story in the context of all levels of testing (functional integration and regression acceptance) and ability to provide estimates and create test documentation Knowledge of test cases design techniques including boundary decision tables and BDD (Behavior Driven Development)/TDD (Test Driven Development) Experience testing and developing automated tests for both REST and SOAP services using Postman RestAssured or similar tools is a plus Experience with continuous integration systems is a plus (Azure DevOps) Exposure to cloud base services and platforms is a plus (Saucelabs BrowserStack etc.) Experience working with high performing engineering teams including both onshore and offshore to solve tough problems Willingness and ability to learn and take on challenging opportunities and to work as a member of diverse and geographically distributed project team.
sqa engineer,This is an environment unlike anything in the high-tech world and the secret of Costco’s success is its culture. The value Costco puts on its employees is well documented in articles from a variety of publishers including Bloomberg and Forbes. Our employees and our members come FIRST. Costco is well known for its generosity and community service and has won many awards for its philanthropy. The company joins with its employees to take an active role in volunteering by sponsoring many opportunities to help others. In 2018 Costco contributed over $39 million to organizations such as United Way and Children's Miracle Network Hospitals. Costco IT is responsible for the technical future of Costco Wholesale the second largest retailer in the world with wholesale operations in twelve countries. Despite our size and explosive international expansion we continue to provide a family employee centric atmosphere in which our employees thrive and succeed. As proof Costco consistently ranks in the top five of Forbes “America’s Best Employers”. Costco is looking for a dedicated and experienced Quality Assurance (QA) Analyst to join its International eCommerce QA team. This position oversees the processes practices and execution of both manual and automated UAT BAT and Regression testing for all countries deployed on the Costco International SAP Commerce solution. These practices must be managed within Costco Confluence/JIRA (or other approved repository) and adhered to globally. This role will be required to oversee the execution of these practices for every release by every country. The successful candidate must have strong communication skills demonstrating their ability to collaborate with QA individuals Business Stakeholders Engineers Project Managers and various levels of management. If you want to be a part of one of the BEST “to work for” companies in the world simply apply and let your career be reimagined. ROLE Performs Test Lead activities. Coordinates and oversees test team activities for in-house onshore and offshore testing of multiple initiatives. Participates in requirements and user story review; ensures the appropriate acceptance criteria are included and approved globally. Creates and gains project approval on project test plans. Creates and/or oversees the creation and approval of project test cases and QA-related documentation. Executes tests and records results working with others to identify and resolve defects. Assists with automating and executes automated test cases. Oversees or generates all QA-related documentation. Ensures adherence to standardized QA policies processes and documentation standards. Ensures that QA processes and procedures for test environments are followed and that the integrity of the various environments are not compromised. Executes test cases defect management and adherence to test schedule. Attends and/or facilitates daily standup meetings and provides status updates. Provides weekly QA project status reports. Helps to mentor and develop skills in others. Attends all sprint completion meetings and demos to stakeholders. REQUIRED Minimum 5 years’ experience in software testing and leadership capacity. Minimum 5 years’ functional and back-end testing of eCommerce websites and backend applications. Minimum 5 years’ hands-on experience using industry standard software QA tools. Strong knowledge of SDLC and SQA methodology as well as experience testing on an Agile team. Experience leading QA teams. Experience in eCommerce Solutions specifically SAP Commerce Platforms. Excellent troubleshooting analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent organizational and planning skills with experience building tactical plans. Ability to produce effective software test plans and test cases. Familiar with source code version management and code deployment standards; and utilizes this knowledge. Solid understanding of build tools and software configuration management standards. High level understanding of design/development methodologies and project management concepts. Ability to work effectively and produce consistent results with minimum supervision. Strong communication skills with ability to communicate with all levels of the organization from senior management down to staff level. Proven leadership skills; demonstrated team-building skills with ability to influence and motivate team members that report to other groups in the organization. Strong work ethic positive attitude and excellent collaboration skills. Flexible; must be able to change priorities quickly focus on new ones without distraction; able to deal with conflict and work under pressure to meet deliverable dates/timelines. Ability and willingness to travel internationally and adjust work hours to accommodate international teams. Scheduling flexibility to meet the needs of the business in a 24 x 7x 365 operations environment- evening weekend and holiday work will be required. Recommended Degree in Computer Science or in a related technical field preferred. Experience with projects focused on infrastructures and software solutions. SQA experience working within an iterative development framework. 2-5 years’ of retail business knowledge. Knowledge of French Spanish Korean and Mandarin is a plus. Proficient in the use of Google products: email spreadsheet document presentation and analytics. Required Documents Cover Letter Resume California applicants please click here to review the Costco Applicant Privacy Notice.  Apart from any religious or disability considerations open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business. If hired you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization including but not limited to H1-B visas.
sqa engineer,Gaming: Welcome to the world of land-based gaming. Light & Wonder’s gaming team builds cutting-edge technology products and content for the most iconic casinos and operators across the globe. Position Summary Are you ready to level up your career? At Light & Wonder we are committed to making the best games in the world. We are looking for smart passionate and creative people to join our team and help us transform the gaming world. We are a global industry-leading gaming technology company that embraces challenge fosters an inclusive culture values integrity innovation and winning and is committed to developing and supporting its people. As a member of our award-winning game studios you will be creating compelling games played around the world. If you are ready to play… come join us and let’s make games!  Position Summary Develop review and execute test plans and test scripts for new and existing game themes and operating systems Develop review and execute test plans and test scripts for new and existing operating systems and hardware. Follow all of the SQA Work Instructions on a daily basis Submit and track any product issues found during testing to ensure that they are resolved Participate and contribute to software defect scrub meetings and Test Milestone hand-off meetings with Development Utilize all required databases for SQA functions and testing Provide input to the weekly project status report for each assigned project Provide detailed Completion Report at the end of each project Participate and provide inputs during root cause analysis phase Interface with other members of Product Development in order to effectively communicate and resolve all reported issues in a timely manner before the gaming product is released Advanced understanding of software test methodologies/procedures and the overall product development lifecycle Reproduce issues when necessary in order to assist software development in resolving issues Responsible for project escalations for each assigned project  Other Duties and Responsibilities:  Assist the SQA Department on special projects Contribute to process improvement and other initiatives Establish key contacts with upstream organizations that have a direct impact on SQA Attend OS Dev and Game Dev Code Reviews Academic and/or working knowledge of Visual Studio Academic and/or work experience with C and/or C++ and/or C# Academic and/or working knowledge of Linux/Unix/Windows Academic and/or proficiency with Microsoft Word Excel and Outlook Basic knowledge of the gaming industry  Knowledge Skills & Abilities:  5+ years of Related Experience Working knowledge of computer operation and principles of computer hardware Proficiency with HP Quality Center and JIRA Working knowledge of real-time embedded systems Proficiency of Agile methodologies Knowledge or experience with Python or other shell scripting languages a plus Excellent written and oral communication skills Ability to communicate and collaborate with other team members Ability to work in a fast paced deadline-oriented environment Detail-oriented and organized Capable of providing input and potential solutions to identified issues Ability to work with limited supervision Capable of working and completing tasks with minimal supervision Ability to multi-task  Education Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or Computer Science preferred Physical Requirements The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to sit stand walk bend use hands operate a computer and have specific vision abilities to include close and distance vision and ability to adjust focus working with computer and business equipment.  Work Conditions Light & Wonder and its affiliates are engaged in highly regulated gaming businesses. As a result certain employees may among other things be required to obtain a gaming or other license(s) undergo background investigations or security checks or meet certain standards dictated by law regulation or contracts. In order to ensure L&W complies with its regulatory and contractual commitments as a condition to hiring and continuing to employ its employees SG requires all of its employees to meet those requirements that are necessary to fulfill their individual roles. As a prerequisite to employment with L&W (to the extent permitted by law) you shall be asked to consent to L&W conducting a due diligence/background investigation on you. #LI-TR1 #LI-Onsite Qualifications Light & Wonder is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants due to race color sex age national origin religion sexual orientation gender identity status as a veteran and basis of disability or any other federal state or local protected class. If you’d like more information about your equal employment opportunity rights as an applicant under the law please click here for EEOC Poster .
sqa engineer,As a member of our Software Engineering Group we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You'll be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative trusting thought-provoking environment-one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally.  Qualifications:  3-5 years of QA experience; manual and automated testing. Experienced in testing applications developed in various SDLC methodologies. Strong written and oral communication skills. Good interpersonal skills. SQA Analysis- Ability to read and comprehend business requirements and high level design deliverables well enough to create detailed test cases. Ability to map test cases to business requirements. Basic understanding of development lifecycle and quality assurance phases. Core Java Groovy Selenium Selenium Web Driver Eclipse IDE Maven HTML DOM and similar tools. ALM JIRA or other similar tools for Test case and Defect Management. REST API  Microservices automation MS Office SQL API testing.  Preferred Skills: Experience in testing complex financial & banking applications. Splunk JSON Msg validations. Knowledge and experience in Technology including various architectures languages tools and applications. Excellent organizational skills attention to detail time management. Knowledgeable in LISA Cucumber and other similar tools. Team player and ability to motivate others. Have a positive approach towards work and fellow team members. Ability to absorb & present complex ideas quickly & accurately. Experience with Usability testing experience with different tools ( Certify functionality of browsers to comply with American Disability Act) JPMorgan Chase & Co. one of the oldest financial institutions offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking consumer and small business banking commercial banking financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute including race religion color national origin gender sexual orientation gender identity gender expression age marital or veteran status pregnancy or disability or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. The health and safety of our colleagues candidates clients and communities has been a top priority in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. JPMorgan Chase was awarded the "WELL Health-Safety Rating" for all of our 6200 locations globally based on our operational policies maintenance protocols stakeholder engagement and emergency plans to address a post-COVID-19 environment. As a part of our commitment to health and safety we have implemented various COVID-related health and safety requirements for our workforce. Employees are expected to follow the Firm's current COVID-19 or other infectious disease health and safety requirements including local requirements. Requirements include sharing information including your vaccine card in the firm's vaccine record tool and may include mask wearing. Requirements may change in the future with the evolving public health landscape. JPMorgan Chase will consider accommodation requests as required by applicable law. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
sqa engineer,This is an environment unlike anything in the high-tech world and the secret of Costco’s success is its culture. The value Costco puts on its employees is well documented in articles from a variety of publishers including Bloomberg and Forbes. Our employees and our members come FIRST. Costco is well known for its generosity and community service and has won many awards for its philanthropy. The company joins with its employees to take an active role in volunteering by sponsoring many opportunities to help others. In 2018 Costco contributed over $39 million to organizations such as United Way and Children's Miracle Network Hospitals. Costco IT is responsible for the technical future of Costco Wholesale the second largest retailer in the world with wholesale operations in twelve countries. Despite our size and explosive international expansion we continue to provide a family employee centric atmosphere in which our employees thrive and succeed. As proof Costco consistently ranks in the top five of Forbes “America’s Best Employers”. Costco is looking for a dedicated and experienced Quality Engineer to join its Order Management Systems Quality Assurance (QA) team to help us elevate our business to the next level. The Order Management team works to ensure that all orders placed on Costco.com are processed quickly and accurately ensuring a timely delivery to each member. A key role on the team the Quality Engineer combines their demonstrated passion for quality with their strong technical skills as we move our quality assurance and test automation efforts forward. Your responsibilities will be to collaborate closely with other QA development and project personnel in the manual and automated testing of the systems. Your experience in testing large scale multi-system applications combined with your programming knowledge and experience will make you perfect for the job. The ideal candidate will be a highly seasoned Quality Engineer with a track record of delivering quality software solutions and the ability to apply your experience to new areas. Your experience will demonstrate that you have successfully combined your solid understanding of Quality Assurance best practices and strong technical skills to consistently find and resolve problems. You will proficiently create and leverage automation as one of the many tools in your QA toolkit. Strong communication and interpersonal skills is a must with ability to communicate with other QE team members developers project managers and various levels of management. They must be able to effectively manage their time and deliverables and be able to work under pressure as needed while still delivering on schedule. They are personable approachable willing to help others able to work under minimal supervision and not easily If you want to be a part of one of the BEST “to work for” companies in the world simply apply and let your career be reimagined. ROLE Creates and owns review and execution of project test plans test cases automation and all QA-related collateral and documentation for a feature or product area. Creates and leverages automation during all phases of the test process using Selenium and Java. Provides accurate estimates for projects including QA resourcing and testing schedules. Executes testing directly and/or leveraging offshore resources while ensuring accurate results identifying failure patterns and supporting bug triage processes to bring issues to closure. Mentors junior team members. Collaborates with onshore offshore and project team members as needed for project success. Works with business customers and analysts to understand and clarify requirements and stories as needed. REQUIRED Minimum 7 years’ software quality assurance experience. Minimum 4 years’ functional and back-end testing of eCommerce websites or comparable complex systems. Minimum 4 years’ hands-on experience using industry standard software QA tools including Selenium and Java. Minimum 4 years’ hands-on experience writing automation to drive end to end and API test scenarios. Experience with at least one database technology Oracle MS SQL Server or DB2 and ability to write basic SQL queries. Strong knowledge of SDLC and SQA methodology as well as experience testing on an Agile team. Excellent troubleshooting analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent test resource planning and test scheduling skills. Ability to produce effective software test plans and test cases. Proven ability to create project testing estimates and deliver on time and on quality. High level understanding of design/development methodologies and project management concepts. Ability to work effectively and produce consistent results with minimum supervision. Strong communication and leadership skills with ability to communicate with all levels of the organization from senior management down to staff level. Strong work ethic positive attitude and excellent collaboration skills. Recommended Experience with iSeries/AS400 a plus. Understanding of web services SOAP REST and XML concepts and technologies. Database knowledge in a major RDBMS system such as DB2 MS SQL Server or Oracle. Solid understanding of build tools and software configuration management standards. Degree in computer science or a related technical field. Required Documents Cover Letter Resume California applicants please click here to review the Costco Applicant Privacy Notice. Apart from any religious or disability considerations open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business. If hired you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States.
sqa engineer,Title: Sr. QA Analyst Location: Chicago IL (Hybrid) Duration & Type: 6 Month Contract to Start Compensation: Competitive W2 Hourly Rate Access to Healthcare and Dental Insurance Plan of Choice Chamberlain Advisors is currently seeking a Sr. QA Analyst for our direct client in the financial services industry. This is a contract-based position reporting to the QA Manager and Lead Analyst. The ideal candidate will be proficient in executing analyzing and troubleshooting features in applications. Click apply now and join the Chamberlain experience. Ideal Candidate Profile: Experience with Regression Performance and/or Integration testing Solid working knowledge of UNIX (Reviewing Log files using UNIX commands to find all files with errors display first/last 10 rows display real time logging find disk usage and disk space information etc.) Automated testing experience using Selenium and/or Cucumber. Mix of Manual and Automated testing experience. (Preferred) SQL for analysis and data verification in back-end tables. (The ability to write complex SQL Queries to include Joins and Triggers is required. Candidates will be asked to perform these queries in the interview) Successful experience testing commercial Java applications running on Linux OS Experience troubleshooting test environment issues and environment maintenance. Why Join Right Now? The Sr QA Engineer is the subject matter expert (SME) within the project team. The Sr QA must have good written and verbal communication skills; and be able to interface efficiently with all support groups other QA groups and development groups in order to get things done independently with minimal oversight. The incumbent must exhibit quick learning abilities by mastering new concepts which may be business- technical- or process-oriented.  What You’ll Be Accountable For: Assist QA Lead Analyst in identifying test scope identifying project risks and implementing process changes and efficiencies. Create and maintain test artifacts and facilitating artifact reviews. Comply with the SDLC processes. Execute responsibilities with minimal oversight; consult analysts and consultants as the technical SME. Interface and communicate with internal teams and external support groups. What Qualifications You Need: Strong experience writing SQL queries against Oracle. Must be comfortable with Joins. Experience with Linux/UNIX. Must be comfortable with basic commands and navigation through the system. Ability to prioritize and multi task is critical Candidate must be able to clearly communicate Understanding of SQA processes and methodologies as well as how to implement them throughout the SDLC Experience using Quality Center and Jira Experience testing Java-based three-tier applications deployed on Linux Experience using UC4 Experience with message driven testing of XML or flat file formats a plus Experience using Selenium/Cucumber or any automation tool a plus Experience testing high volume financial exchange systems particularly clearing applications a plus Experience/Skills not mandatory but helpful to have: Performance testing experience Use of performance testing tools: JMeter JProfiler YourKit Heap Analyzer Protocol testing experience Profile management tools: AppDynamics Splunk Experience wit GIT and Stash Experience writing scripts ie groovy python and unix scripts Tibco RV/FTL messaging experience Experience working with UC4 Programming knowledge for automation Programming knowledge for automation Financial industry knowledge Why Work with Chamberlain? Chamberlain Advisors is a veteran-owned business that provides human capital solutions across a wide range of industries and engagement types. Chamberlain candidates benefit from our unique hiring and interviewing process which has been designed to increase the likelihood that they will be successful in their job searches. This is achieved through our 5-step recruitment process ensuring a top-of-the-line candidate experience. Find out what makes us different; apply to Chamberlain today. Equal Opportunity Employer Chamberlain Advisors provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race color religion sex national origin age disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements Chamberlain Advisors complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment including recruiting hiring placement promotion termination layoff recall transfer leaves of absence compensation and training. Chamberlain Advisors expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race color religion gender sexual orientation gender identity or expression national origin age genetic information disability or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Chamberlain Advisors' employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.  #LI-BS1
sqa engineer,This is an environment unlike anything in the high-tech world and the secret of Costco’s success is its culture. The value Costco puts on its employees is well documented in articles from a variety of publishers including Bloomberg and Forbes. Our employees and our members come FIRST. Costco is well known for its generosity and community service and has won many awards for its philanthropy. The company joins with its employees to take an active role in volunteering by sponsoring many opportunities to help others. In 2018 Costco contributed over $39 million to organizations such as United Way and Children's Miracle Network Hospitals. Costco IT is responsible for the technical future of Costco Wholesale the second largest retailer in the world with wholesale operations in twelve countries. Despite our size and explosive international expansion we continue to provide a family employee centric atmosphere in which our employees thrive and succeed. As proof Costco consistently ranks in the top five of Forbes “America’s Best Employers”. Costco’s Global eCommerce SDET is responsible for the quality of data products and analytics solutions. They design test case scenarios design and create test automation architecture and scripts with the intent to ensure the regression gaps are accounted for. They will be responsible for decomposing the functional and technical requirements created by Product Owners and Systems Analysts into test scripts and validating acceptance criteria.. The SDET will deliver high-quality test solutions by applying appropriate technologies and QA best practices. They will be collaborating with both technical and business team members to define and document testing plans types of tests test environments and tools to be used for testing in a fast-paced agile environment. If you want to be a part of one of the BEST “to work for” companies in the world simply apply and let your career be reimagined. ROLE Participates in requirement gathering sessions and gives input on requirement and design documents. Reviews requirements for assigned projects validates acceptance criteria and creates test cases as applicable. Creates and executes manual and automated test scripts to satisfy the acceptance criteria defined within the epics and user stories for the assigned tasks. Collaborates with product team members (e.g. Product Owners Solution Architects and Engineers) to define the automating testing approach/strategy for a given product / application. Maintains the automated testing suite and accompanying framework for a given product. Collaborates with team members to incorporate new automated test scripts into the continuous integration pipeline. Analyzes test results to identify defects; ensures features user stories and journeys work as expected; recommends corrective action as appropriate. Consults and provides feedback for resolution of problems. Abides by and follows software quality assurance standards processes and controls as it pertains to the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Develops applies and maintains quality standards for company products. Participates in team planning and activities for improving skills knowledge and quality of work. Continues personal growth in the areas of technology business knowledge and company policies. REQUIRED Minimum 5 years’ software quality assurance engineering experience. Minimum 5 years’ hands-on experience using industry standard software QA and automation tools such as Jenkins SauceLabs Selenium Java libraries Selenium Webdriver Cucumber BD and REST Assured etc. Minimum 3 years’ experience working in an Agile environment and using industry tools such as JIRA Confluence etc. Proficiency in automation scripting and organizing test assets in the Agile work environment. Proficiency in multiple test automation tools and frameworks. Ability to drive and deliver quality through process instrumentation and testing. Experience in developing test strategies test plans and test cases. Ability to digest and understand complex and/or ambiguous user requirements and construct test cases to validate them. Strong knowledge of SDLC and SQA methodology as well as experience testing on Agile or DevOps teams. Excellent troubleshooting analytical and problem solving skills. Solid understanding of build tools and software configuration management standards. Knowledge of and experience using Bitbucket. Ability to work successfully in a highly productive team environment. Communicates technical issues clearly in written and oral forms. Ability to multitask in a fast paced dynamic environment. Must be detail-oriented and capable of working in an environment with changing priorities. Strong work ethic positive attitude and excellent collaboration skills. Scheduling flexibility to meet the needs of the business; 24 x 7 x 365 operations - evening weekend and holidays (must be able to adjust work hours to accommodate global teams); up to 25% international travel. Recommended 5+ years’ of Ecommerce or equivalent retail experience specifically SAP Commerce Platforms. Experience and understanding of Costco’s business model. API testing experience. Experience with programming languages Flutter and Java. SQA experience working within an iterative development framework. Knowledge and experience with XML web-based services. Working knowledge of Google Suite. Familiarity working with suppliers for QA testing defect management and troubleshooting. Analytical thinker possessing strong problem solving and decision making skills. Degree in computer science or related technical field preferred. Required Documents Cover Letter Resume  California applicants please click here to review the Costco Applicant Privacy Notice.  Apart from any religious or disability considerations open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business. If hired you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization including but not limited to H1-B visas.
sqa engineer,You are a part of a cross-functional Agile team testing cloud based REST services and web based client applications. Primary responsibilities include creating documenting maintaining and executing scalable high performance automated test coverage solutions using Java Jenkins and other languages/tools where appropriate. Candidates are expected to have a passion for replicable structured approaches to automated testing and a desire to collaborate with senior application architects and developers in the creation of automation solutions that other development team members can contribute to independently. What you will work on Participate in ongoing collaborative development improvement implementation and adoption of automation test solutions test data and test result reporting Collaborate with the integration of test automation in software build and deployment processes Create document maintain extend and execute automation test coverage in close coordination with developers and other SQA team members Participate in the design development documentation analysis and testing of assigned projects Work with Agile team members to analyze project requirements with the goal of increasing automated testability and decreasing risk Work as part of the team to develop processes for effective monitoring and reporting of automation test cycle results Act as key knowledge resource for testing automation and train and support other team members as appropriate Communicate and support all project-related information in a timely and professional manner as dictated by team need and testing processes Coordinate automated testing for and participate in release activities Investigate reproduce log and escalate reported defects Who we are looking for 7+ years work-related programming experience with a focus on testing and automation A strong knowledge of Java for building automation tests Familiarity with Selenium Maven Git and Linux/Unix/OS X command line utilization Experience working with and testing API / Restful services Experience in Continuous Integration environments using Jenkins A mature understanding of software testing principles and methodologies Experience with load and performance testing including design development implementation and reporting Experience with SQL (Oracle PG) / NoSQL (Dynamo) databases Experience testing cloud based (AWS) distributed applications Proven success using open source testing tools and projects (TestNG Rest Assured etc) About Us Clear Capital is the premier provider of real estate valuation analytics and technology solutions. Powered by its more than 45 years worth of information on nearly every U.S. metro neighborhood and property Clear Capital’s solutions are trusted by community credit unions and billion-dollar financial institutions alike. Clear Capital is headquartered in Reno-Tahoe with a team of more than 600 nationwide dedicated to going wherever it leads and doing whatever it takes. Clear Capital is an equal opportunity employer. To all recruitment agencies: Clear Capital does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias Clear Capital employees or any other company location. Clear Capital is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes  #LI-PC1  #LI-Remote
sqa engineer,You are a part of a cross-functional Agile team testing mobile applications with cloud based back-end services. Primary responsibilities include creating documenting maintaining and executing scalable high performance automated test coverage solutions using Java Jenkins and other languages/tools where appropriate. Candidates are expected to have a passion for replicable structured approaches to automated testing and a desire to collaborate with senior application architects and developers in the creation of automation solutions that other development team members can contribute to independently. What you will work on Participate in ongoing collaborative development improvement implementation and adoption of automation test solutions test data and test result reporting Collaborate with the integration of test automation in software build and deployment processes Create document maintain extend and execute automation test coverage in close coordination with developers and other SQA team members Participate in the design development documentation analysis and testing of assigned projects Work with Agile team members to analyze project requirements with the goal of increasing automated testability and decreasing risk Work as part of the team to develop processes for effective monitoring and reporting of automation test cycle results Act as key knowledge resource for testing automation and train and support other team members as appropriate Communicate and support all project-related information in a timely and professional manner as dictated by team need and testing processes Coordinate automated testing for and participate in release activities Investigate reproduce log and escalate reported defects Who we are looking for 3+ years work-related programming experience with a focus on testing and automation A strong command of Java for building automation tests Familiarity with Selenium Maven Gitand Linux/Unix/OS X command line utilization Experience working with and testing API / Restful services Experience in Continuous Integration environments using Jenkins A mature understanding of software testing principles and methodologies Experience with load and performance testing including design development implementation and reporting Experience with SQL (Oracle PG) / NoSQL (Dynamo) databases Experience testing cloud based (AWS) distributed applications Proven success using open source testing tools and projects (TestNG Rest Assured etc)  What You Can Expect Competitive compensation and immediate contribution! Inclusive benefits package offerings 401k plans and customizable benefits including dental vision medical etc. for you and your dependents. An innovative culture that understands the importance of quality of work over quantity. Company supported and employee-driven ambassador groups that promote diversity working on a hybrid schedule and philanthropy. Learning and development programs to help advance your career and personal growth. What we value Wherever it leads Whatever it takes! We believe in making the impossible possible! Thrive personally grow professionally―be happy! Innovate learn lead- Knowledge and growth is never ending! We believe in hiring nice people because anything is possible when you have the team's support. Improving the lives around us- A smile could change the entire world. Be the most trusted respected and loved real estate valuation company in the world.  About Us Clear Capital is the premier provider of real estate valuation analytics and technology solutions. Powered by its more than 45 years worth of information on nearly every U.S. metro neighborhood and property Clear Capital’s solutions are trusted by community credit unions and billion-dollar financial institutions alike. Clear Capital is headquartered in Reno-Tahoe with a team of more than 600 nationwide dedicated to going wherever it leads and doing whatever it takes. Clear Capital is an equal opportunity employer. To all recruitment agencies: Clear Capital does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias Clear Capital employees or any other company location. Clear Capital is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.  #LI-PC1  #LI-Remote #dice
sqa engineer,ITAC Solutions is helping a local Birmingham client in their search for a Senior Software QA Engineer. This person will largely be responsible for the development management execution and maintenance of automated test scripts and frameworks defect reporting and management. If you are an enthusiastic Automated QA professional that is looking for a new challenge apply today and let’s talk about how you’d be a great fit for this team! What you’ll be doing (duties of this position): Provide high-level input as to the direction of automated testing and develops prioritized action test plans for applications. Define develop execute and document automated test scripts and cases utilizing a full range of tools and processes automation frameworks software development languages and database tools Analyze and plan moderate to complex test mechanisms within the automation framework to meet automation deliverables and goals Contribute to each phase of SDLC primarily through regression and unit testing Work with Application Developers to understand system logic and identify reasons for script failure while ensuring applications are functional reliable and responsive through automated testing  What you’ll need to be considered (requirements): Minimum of 7+ years with hands-on development of Automated Tests and Frameworks focused on RESTful services/APIs Extensive understanding of containers and container strategy with hands-on experience with tools such as Docker Kubernetes Openshift etc. Expert level proficiency with Java/JavaScript Selenium API automated testing and SQL. Experience with other automated testing tools/frameworks such as Rest Assured Cypress Cucumber is desirable. Expert level experience in setting up test automation frameworks and establishing standards and metrics. Experience integrating tests into CI/CD frameworks and pipelines. #indit
cyber security engineer,About the Role  Uber's Security Response and Investigations (SRI) team is the cybersecurity incident response body at Uber. SRI responds to security incidents and mitigates security threats across the company. The SRI team is made of three teams: vSOC (virtual Security Operations Center) Investigations and Automation and Incident Command. You will be joining the Investigations and Automation team. As a Security Engineer on the Investigations and Automation team you will be on the ground floor responding to security incidents providing hands-on investigations forensics and response expertise developing automation solutions and helping to shape security responses at Uber. You will also partner closely with the security operations center analysts and incident commanders leading incident investigations and providing mentorship to analysts.  This is an opportunity to be on the ground floor helping to build out tools processes and procedures with your work affecting the company at large. This is a hands-on technical position tasked with investigating cybersecurity incidents on the Uber platform as well as against the business. You should enjoy getting your hands dirty doing complex analysis and investigations - you are comfortable being the technical expert. You will solve complex puzzles piecing together the most obscure clues while building and communicating solid work results. Candidates must have a driving passion for hunting down the bad guys as well as the intuition and judgement required to efficiently prioritize their work. Candidates must have excellent communication and problem solving skills along with experience dealing with sensitive matters effectively and respectfully.  What You Will Do  Conduct rapid response mitigation and investigations on highest priority cases impacting Uber and user data. Conduct forensics investigations and present findings. Develop automation to improve the consistency and efficiency of incident response. Conduct threat hunting. Partner with global team members to drive response and investigations globally. Support and mentor analysts conducting investigations and triage. Manage multiple cases and projects at once while effectively prioritizing time. Produce concise yet thorough case reports for internal and external stakeholders.  Basic Qualifications  Must be highly experienced in the incident response lifecycle. 10+ years of hands-on experience on a security engineering or operations team responding to cyber security incidents. Strong foundation in security principles. Cybersecurity knowledge across multiple domains such as network hosts applications data cloud and etc. Strong problem-solving skills.  Preferred Qualifications  Experience with cybersecurity forensic methodologies and software. Experience driving complex incidents or leading large investigations end-to-end. Technical experience with DevOps and scripting languages for automating data gathering and investigation workflows. Experience with building automations for incident response is a plus. Threat hunting experience. Applied knowledge of cyber intel frameworks such as ATT&CK framework and kill-chain model. Experience working crisis events for a global company. Ability to work across geographically distributed teams. Certifications in Security is a plus.
cyber security engineer,Systems Security Engineer If you are a Systems Security Engineer with experience please read on!  This is a 100% Remote role with Fortune's 100 Best Companies and Best places to Work for Millennials that has been around since 1997 and has average employee tenure of 5 years. They have won many awards across many states for their products and services. They create software for DMV's Tax preparations and government systems. Top Reasons to Work with Us Great company Culture Employer paid health benefits in full (Including family benefits as well!) 401k with 6% Employer Match Paid Time Off Unlimited OT (Time and a half and/or extra PTO days!) What You Will Be Doing Mitigate vulnerabilities in the systems infrastructure including Windows domain VMware Servers Storage Hardware and other supporting systems Coordinate and respond to critical time sensitive vulnerabilities and communicate progress to internal and external stakeholders Serve as systems SME in security and compliance audits. Create and maintain detailed process technical and security baseline documentation for new and existing equipment. Maintain and utilize anti-virus patch management and software distribution systems. Help maintain and develop systems Infrastructure What You Need for this Position Minimum 3 years of experience in related role(s) Experience with virtualization technologies such as VMware ESXi vCenter and Horizon VDI Familiarity with anti-virus security scanning and log aggregation tools Experience with Patch management and software distribution systems. Ability to use group policy in a Windows Domain to establish security baselines Understanding SOC IRS audit CIS and related compliance frameworks Possess excellent communication and troubleshooting skills Bachelors Degree  Desired Qualifications:  Certifications: VMware Microsoft Security+ CISSP CEH Experience with Tenable and Splunk and Sophos Central Design/Build experience of data center/cloud systems Working knowledge IP Routing and VLANs Support of enterprise applications What's In It for You Great company Culture Employer paid health benefits in full (Including family benefits as well!) 401k with 6% Employer Match Paid Time Off Unlimited OT (Time and a half and/or extra PTO days!) So if you are a Systems Security Engineer with experience please apply today or email your resumes directly to liana.pryor@cybercoders.com! Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits please contact Liana Pryor Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.  CyberCoders Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex national origin disability protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.  Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
cyber security engineer,SmartSource is seeking a Network Security Engineer for a Direct Hire role. This individual will be responsible for deploying secure network solutions for mid to enterprise-level client environments. The ideal candidate will be self-motivated with the ability to perform autonomously and can drive a project to successful completion. In this role you will work on the client site as needed and can be based out of the office or remotely when not at a client location. This is a full-time position based out of the corporate headquarters located in Downers Grove IL. Qualifications: 3+ years of experience hands-on with Cisco routers and switches 3+ years of experience with network design and implementation on a large scale Experience working with Cisco Palo Alto and/or Fortinet solutions Experience with Cisco Security products such as FDT FMC AMP DUO Umbrella Experience in performing migrations and upgrades on various platforms Cisco ACI and SD WAN experience Familiar implementing wireless networks with Cisco wireless LAN controllers using both traditional centralized deployments as well as converged access Exceptional customer relations skills Certifications strongly preferred Legally authorized to work in the US without sponsorship Must demonstrate a “can-do” attitude Job Type: Full-time Pay: $130000.00 - $150000.00 per year Benefits: 401(k) Dental insurance Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Schedule: 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Work Location: One location
cyber security engineer,Security Engineer If you are a Systems Security Engineer with experience please read on!  This is a 100% Remote role with Fortune's 100 Best Companies and Best places to Work for Millennials that has been around since 1997 and has average employee tenure of 5 years. They have won many awards across many states for their products and services. They create software for DMV's Tax preparations and government systems. Top Reasons to Work with Us Great company Culture Employer paid health benefits in full (Including family benefits as well!) 401k with 6% Employer Match Paid Time Off Unlimited OT (Time and a half and/or extra PTO days!) What You Will Be Doing Collaborate with the FHS Team Catalyze security improvements based on risk Investigate technologies that could qualitatively improve security posture Develop and deploy tools and/or new processes to assist in modeling analysis detection and prevention of security threats Stay up to date on current security events and articles for any developments that would impact or be a potential threat to the FHS environment policies or software. What You Need for this Position Experience running incident response processes and/or incident response playbooks Exposure to cloud and implementing security in AWS Azure or other cloud technologies Fundamental understanding of network protocols; including the TCP/IP stack as well as TLS DTLS and UDP based protocols Experience in at least one of the following disciplines: red teaming blue teaming implementing advanced security technologies or software engineering Excellent communication skills both written and verbal Ability to establish and maintain good professional relationships Bachelor's in computer science or related technical discipline; or equivalent experience in software/hardware security Ability to work both with little supervision and in a team Desire and ability to ramp up quickly on new technologies    Desired Skills and Experience:  Experience identifying and mitigating a range of security vulnerabilities via automated vulnerability management tools Expertise in cloud and implementing security in AWS Azure and other cloud technologies Experience designing and implementing security solutions for operating systems distributed systems and cloud-based environments Ability to analyze and knowledge of best practices for secure network architecture and communications protocols Security expertise in: Python Java C++ cryptography exploit development Security by design with Embedded Software Experience in navigating large complex interactive and/or distributed systems Experience with fuzzing buffer overflows and other common exploits Experience with security technologies such as AV EDR SIEM MFA SSO etc. What's In It for You Great company Culture Employer paid health benefits in full (Including family benefits as well!) 401k with 6% Employer Match Paid Time Off Unlimited OT (Time and a half and/or extra PTO days!) So if you are a Security Engineer with experience please apply today or email your resumes directly to liana.pryor@cybercoders.com! Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits please contact Liana Pryor Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.  CyberCoders Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex national origin disability protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.  Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
cyber security engineer,Robert Half is seeking a Security Network Engineer to help define and create Information Security engineer standard and design. Are you a self-driven individual who possesses a strong knowledge of interfacing Internet protocols security server and network infrastructure? Then we have the right Security Network Engineer position you will love. This role is fully remote and is a contract / contract / temporary opportunity - apply today!  Key Responsibilities: Define and create Information Security engineering standards artifacts design patterns and technical specification documents. Assess monitor and recommend improvements to the global Microsoft security architecture to improve security posture mitigate risks and balance costs. Apply cloud security skills to provide security services to build and protect enterprise systems applications data and assets across Microsoft cloud environments. Designs and collaborates on solutions that balance business requirements with information security requirements. Proactively identifies technical and architectural risks commenting and/or providing alternatives for improvement. Collaborate and partner with various key stakeholders across the enterprise to ensure alignment with the overall intended design.  Microsoft Azure Microsoft Office 365 Application Security Web Application Security  Technology Doesn't Change the World People Do.®  Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting technology marketing and creative legal and administrative and customer support roles.  Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs competitive compensation and benefits and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply instant notifications for AI-matched jobs and more.  Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.4429. Robert Half will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit https://roberthalf.gobenefits.net/ for more information.  © 2022 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now” you’re agreeing to Robert Half’s Terms of Use .
cyber security engineer,Published November 20 2021 Location Evanston IL - remote for now United States of America Job Type Full-time DESCRIPTION TITLE: Systems Security Engineer JOB ID: 10992 LOCATION: Evanston IL - remote for now SALARY: 135K STATUS: US Citizen About the Client: Join one of North America's leading Healthcare Delivery Systems that is a leader in implementing innovative technologies combined with an established reputation for its advanced information technology and its strong clinical environment. About the Systems Security Engineer Position: You will interact with colleagues at all levels of the Infrastructure team and assist in providing hands-on technical security engineering support for software/hardware/server/network systems. Work is reviewed for soundness of technical judgment and for following policies and procedures. This position will apply system security and cyber security engineering principles to moderately complex engineering issues and provide realistic and implementable configuration management solutions designed to enhance the Company's security posture. About the Systems Security Engineer Responsibilities: Conduct routine certification testing and maintain the security and integrity of cyber systems and networks. Monitor IT security systems into corporate and store computing environments including systems used for logging monitoring intrusion detection centralized cyber security knowledge base and behavioral analysis. Remediate issues occurring with any IT security systems including but not limited to unexplained system outages cyber security incidents issues with data collection feeds or interfaces with external MSSP providers. Collaborate with IT teams to remediate any potential hardware or network issues that prevent detection capability. Collaborate with senior staff in planning designing developing deploying integrating and maintaining cyber security tools. Provide support in more complex cyber investigations. Monitor new developments in the cyber security software/hardware marketplace emerging technology trends and the security risks associated with those technologies. Create revise and maintain documentation of processes and procedures in the central knowledge base. Participate in after incident lessons learned meetings to give input on recommendations for additional tools or other mitigations for future incidents. Track service availability and performance metrics and provide timely updates to management. About the Systems Security Engineer Requirements: Minimum of three (3) years of hands-on experience in non-complex IT engineering systems that include basic network storage back-up platforms middleware application with One (1) year of experience monitoring cyber security tools and responding to threats Hands-on experience in one or more of the following: Endpoint Security Firewalls Web/Email Filter Intrusion Prevention Vulnerability Scanning Penetration Testing Forensics SIEM CASB WAF Application Whitelisting Understanding of system security and cyber security engineering principles. Prior experience and the ability to participate in cyber incident responses. Requires self-motivated approach to work with keen attention to detail and accuracy. Bachelors' degree in Systems Engineering Computer Engineering Computer Science or another closely related discipline. Equivalent experience may be considered in lieu of a formal degree
cyber security engineer,Network and Systems Engineer Job description BlockFills provides technology liquidity execution and a matching engine solution to large buyers and sellers of cryptocurrencies. With over 100 years of combined experience in technology trading and banking our team has leveraged that experience to provide top institutional participants access to the best OTC liquidity around the globe in all aspects of the cryptocurrency space. We are looking for a motivated network and security engineer to be the go-to person for all infrastructure-related tasks. The role requires hands-on experience with hardware and software and familiarity in managing cloud-based environments. We value strong interpersonal skills technical acumen and the ability to learn quickly in the dynamic digital asset space. Position Details Responsibilities: Maintaining computer networks including office VPNs routers and other physical hardware Installing and configuring network equipment across Windows and Linux environments Creating firewalls and updating virus protection software and data security systems to keep data and communications protected Implementing cloud network and security services leveraging cloud native services (e.g. Route53 VPC Routing AWS Firewall AWS WAF etc.) Troubleshooting complex issues for all levels applying technical expertise to support devices and systems document and analyze solutions and recommend improvements Functional Skills/Qualifications: CCNE (or similar) Microsoft and AWS Certifications are a huge plus Demonstratable passion to learn quickly and apply new skills to solve problems Unparalleled troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Excellent communication skills both verbal and written Ability to multitask and work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment Technical Skills: Experience managing a hybrid corporate network with Windows and Linux machines Experience building and maintaining desktop workstations in Windows and Ubuntu Experience building and maintaining a cloud network AWS strongly preferred. Experience building and maintaining a datacenter co-lo network Experience securing office networks Experience managing a Microsoft domain Experience with SOC2 or similar certifications is a plus Education Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university or equivalent related experience/training Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Pay: $90000.00 - $150000.00 per year Benefits: Dental insurance Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Schedule: 8 hour shift Supplemental Pay: Bonus pay Experience: Linux: 3 years (Required) Network engineering: 3 years (Required) Network security: 3 years (Preferred) Work Location: One location
cyber security engineer,What will you be doing?  Evolve Security is looking for an Associate Security Engineer to join our growing team. This position will assist with and lead the overall successful delivery of various application and network vulnerability assessments continuous internal / external penetration assessments and other types of security strategy and architecture reviews.  Remote Work Opportunity  Responsibilities include: Providing cybersecurity guidance and strategy to Evolve Security clients Performing technical penetration testing cloud security assessments and application security assessment projects as lead and/or supporting engineer Assisting with building internal Evolve Security processes procedures templates and methodologies Assisting with development of technology that supports the delivery of cyber security services Other duties as assigned to help support the growth and expansion of enterprise and academy initiatives Requirements  Are you the right fit?  Passionate about cybersecurity with a curiosity to learn 1-3 years of experience in an information security consulting role preferably in a penetration testing audit assessment or compliance role Hands-on security technology experience with firewalls IDS/IPS endpoint security and related experience. Strong networking skills with in-depth knowledge of network protocols routing and architecture Strong systems administration skills specifically with Windows and Linux systems Active Directory Experience with virtualization technologies (VMWare Citrix Hyper-V) Deep understanding of information security and risk management concepts Knowledge of multiple operating systems and associated command-line administration tools (Bash / PowerShell) Knowledge of the application stack including web mobile and API Understanding of SQL and multiple database platforms (MSSQL MySQL Oracle etc.) Fundamental knowledge and understanding of networking technologies (IP TCP UDP etc.) Scripting experience in one or more of: Python Bash and Go ESCP Security+ OSCP certifications are nice to have A desire to tinker and understand how things work Ability to interface with clients utilizing consulting and negotiating skills Strongly self-motivated and able to work independently towards team objectives Strong communication skills (oral and written) and ability to work as part of a team Benefits  Why join us?  Progressive startup culture in a high growth organization with minimal bureaucracy Engage in a fast-paced and challenging environment with opportunity to grow your talents 22 Company Holidays + Flexible Paid Time Off Healthcare Benefits with employer contribution 401(k) Match Parental Leave Annual vacation bonus Annual Learning and Development Program Flexible work remote schedule  Who is Evolve Security?  With leadership in the information security industry for over 15 years Evolve Security is a technical cybersecurity services firm headquartered in Chicago IL. We are dedicated to improving our client’s security posture by providing Continuous Penetration Testing Application Security and Enterprise Training services.  In addition to our professional cybersecurity service offerings Evolve Security offers a cybersecurity bootcamp “Evolve Security Academy” currently ranked the #1 cybersecurity bootcamp in the world. The 16-week Cybersecurity Bootcamp in Chicago provides immersive training giving students the concrete and practical skills they will actually need on the job. Students gain real work experience through live security assessment work that they perform on not-for-profit companies.  We are passionate about directly improving our customers’ security posture and we proudly train others to help meet the need for qualified cybersecurity talent.
cyber security engineer,The Network Security Engineer will be involved in the full life cycle of network security management at Illinois Tech. This position is within the Office of Technology Services’ Infrastructure Department and will have responsibility for monitoring the university’s mission-critical environment issuing alerts of any events or IT security risks and enhancing the overall infrastructure security.  Special Schedule Requirements This is a full-time position. The university’s normal business hours are 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM Monday through Friday. Occasional work may be scheduled early Thursday morning or Friday night/Saturday morning during our maintenance windows. May be required to respond to an incident at any time.  EEOC Statement Illinois Institute of Technology is an EEO /AA/Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/ ADA / ADEA employer committed to enhancing equity inclusion and diversity within its community. It actively seeks applications from all individuals regardless of race color sex marital status religion creed national origin disability age military or veteran status sexual orientation and/or gender identity and expression. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment.  Qualifications  Education & Experience Must have at least an Associate’s Degree in Information Systems Computer Science or equivalent experience.  Knowledge & Skills  Required: Expert knowledge of networking technology e.g. TCP /IP DNS  DHCP  and NAT  routing protocols NetFlow and packet capture/analysis. Understanding of information security laws (including PCI ) and accepted industry best practices. Knowledge of common principles and techniques used in system compromise and denial-of-service incidents as well as basic tools for detecting and preventing such incidents. With limited supervision be able to configure monitor and maintain intrusion-detection systems firewalls VPN solutions SIEM  and application gateways/proxies. Working knowledge of authentication authorization remote access and other access-control principles products and technologies. Knowledge of Windows and Linux servers. Certifications and Licenses  List any certifications or licenses that are either required or helpful in performing the job designating whether required or preferred. One or more of the following certifications are strongly preferred: CCNA Security; CCNP Security; Global Information Assurance Certification ( SANS / GIAC ) Certified Information Systems Security Professional ( CISSP ) Systems Security Certified Practitioner ( SSCP ); and/or Certified Information Systems Auditor ( CISA ).  Key Responsibilities  Key Responsibility Be responsible for firewall configuration maintenance monitoring and other various network security measures.  Percentage Of Time 50%  Key Responsibility Perform security assessments and review networking initiatives for security compliance. Evaluate and recommend security products for various platforms in the networking environment.  Percentage Of Time 30%  Key Responsibility Assist in the development and implementation of security policies procedures and measures in a networking environment.  Percentage Of Time 10%  Key Responsibility Educate users about network security policies and consult on security issues.  Percentage Of Time 5%  Key Responsibility Form and chair a staff committee with interest in security. At a minimum this committee will have one representative from each of OTS’ departments. The committee will meet as frequently as they wish but no less than once every other week. The committee will provide actionable recommendations to the Vice Provost/ CIO and all OTS Directors on a quarterly basis.  Percentage Of Time 5%  Posting Information  Work Hours Monday – Friday 8:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.  Position Category Full Time  Posting Date 05/20/2022  Closing Date  Posted Until Filled Yes  Quicklink for Posting https://iit7.peopleadmin.com/postings/8552
cyber security engineer,We Are Statement: We collaborate across multiple cloud teams and manage messaging and productivity services in order to ensure the best security practices are in place and our people are able to work safely. You Are: A security-minded individual with the skills to work in multiple products to get a holistic answers to challenges large companies face. Using your know-how resources and analytical powers to chase down the data needed. You’re comfortable working with solution developers internal technology and investigative teams as well as vendors. You possess the skills to research new technologies and communicate to range of audiences. New challenges new technologies and guiding highly specialized teams to success in a large enterprise environment is what you can look forward to when you join our team. The Work: Research new security and compliance technologies and document their capabilities. Deploy and manage Data Loss Prevention email solutions for our Information Security teams. Articulate and process Accenture’s needs and concerns with our key vendors. Work with Dev and Ops teams on Messaging Collaboration and Productivity services to ensure best standards are followed. Bring your ideas on how to improve our practices and then be ready to help make those changes happen. Continue to develop your skills by taking advantage of our educational offerings within and without the company. For now all Accenture business travel international and domestic is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Here’s What You Need: Minimum of 3 years’ experience in email/data security field. Minimum of 3 years’ experience in security and compliance field. This includes technical training and functional hands on experience. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent (8 years) work experience. (If Associate’s Degree must have 4 years work experience) Professionals in this position should have deep knowledge and configuration expertise in: Microsoft 365 – Data Loss Prevention (Now part of Purview branding) Microsoft 365 – Working within the portal shell and with Microsoft as a vendor SMTP/Email and supporting technologies (SPF/DKIM/DMARC TLS etc) Professionals in this position should have some knowledge in: Microsoft 365 – Security/Compliance offerings especially in Data Protection (eDiscovery Audit etc) Microsoft Exchange Online Threat research and investigation Project planning and reporting process Bonus Points If: PowerShell scripting abilities to assist working with large data sets. Proofpoint Email Protection experience. Basic understanding of compliance and regulatory concerns around cloud/data. As required by Colorado law under the Equal Pay for Equal Work Act Accenture provides a reasonable range of compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set level of experience and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only the range of starting pay for this role is $56484-$129800 and information on benefits offered is here.  COVID-19 update:  The safety and well-being of our candidates our people and their families continues to be a top priority. Until travel restrictions change interviews will continue to be conducted virtually.  Subject to applicable law please be aware that Accenture requires all employees to be fully vaccinated as a condition of employment. Accenture will consider requests for accommodation to this vaccination requirement during the recruiting process.  What We Believe  We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment.  Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement  Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences such as age disability ethnicity gender gender identity and expression religion or sexual orientation.  All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age race creed color religion sex national origin ancestry disability status veteran status sexual orientation gender identity or expression genetic information marital status citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal state or local law.  Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.  For details view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement.  Requesting An Accommodation  Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired.  If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009 send us an email or speak with your recruiter.  Other Employment Statements  Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States.  Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.  Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.  The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about discussed or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge (b) in furtherance of an investigation proceeding hearing or action including an investigation conducted by the employer or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information.
cyber security engineer,Company Overview Motorola Solutions is there for our customers when everything is on the line. In extreme moments — when a hurricane lands or when a fire breaks out. And in everyday moments — when a package arrives just in time for the holiday or when a child doesn’t miss the school bus home. We unify voice data video and analytics in one integrated ecosystem to enable individuals businesses and communities to work together in more powerful ways. To help people make better decisions act confidently and be their best in the moments that matter. Bring your passion potential and talents to Motorola Solutions and connect with a career that matters.  Department Overview Our IT organization has a critical role in driving extraordinary business results. Through a strong partnership with other areas of our business we bring innovative thinking to every conversation and deliver with integrity. We’re looking for people who bring great ideas and who make our partners’ ideas better. Intellectually curious advisors (not order takers) who focus on outcomes to creatively solve business problems. People who not only embrace change but who accelerate it.  Job Description As a dynamic technology enterprise that operates on a global scale Motorola Solutions presents an interesting target for malicious actors. We face a variety of threats: from internal to opportunistic to the most persistent type of attackers. The Detection team is at the core of the Cyber Defense program and supports other components - like threat hunting and incident response - in their smooth and timely operations. The Enterprise Information Security Detect team provides the core of security engineering to build and operate the capabilities required to protect a global enterprise. This role will offer the opportunity to contribute to a global infrastructure which spans a multi-cloud environment. As a Security Engineer you will contribute to the Enterprise Information Security program through a variety of initiatives with a broad impact on our continual operations. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to help shape our security engineering efforts through the automation implementation management and support of a variety of security tools systems and infrastructure. As part of a team of excellence you will work with a group of people committed to something larger than themselves. If these challenges sound exciting to you join us and see what possibilities await for your future. Scope of Responsibilities/Expectations Implementation administration and support of enterprise level security tools Analyze and regularly review security tool implementation to improve usage and effectiveness Engage other teams and business units to identify and remedy gaps in operating system security best practices Work with Enterprise Information Security team members to develop alerts and playbooks from identified security events Desired Background/Knowledge/Skills 3+ years experience implementing Linux operating system security best practices Experience with enterprise level security tools and platforms Scripting language development experience Knowledge of threat vectors attack methodologies and actors Experience with enterprise level security tools Azure and AWS Administration Experience with SIEM usage Software deployment methodologies Analyzing logs for signs of malicious behavior Possess an innovative mindset to uncover new efficiencies Solid understanding of endpoint security concepts and defense in depth Security Certifications (e.g. Security+ CHFI GCIA GCIH CISSP) Preferred Competencies Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to communicate effectively with others both orally and in writing Must have strong organizational skills Must work well in a team environment This role can be remote anywhere in the US.  Basic Requirements Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience 2+ years experience Linux macOS or Windows systems administration Vaccine Requirement Motorola Solutions has implemented a voluntary COVID-19 vaccination policy. We strongly encourage all employees to be fully vaccinated. Additionally certain local governments or Motorola Solutions' customers may have vaccine requirements that apply to some of our employees. These employees are required to submit proof of vaccination to Motorola Solutions and maintain compliance with these requirements.  Travel Requirements None  Relocation Provided None  Position Type Experienced  Referral Payment Plan Yes Our U.S. Benefits include: Incentive Bonus Plans Medical Dental Vision benefits effective Day 1 401K with Company Match and Day 1 vesting 9 Paid Holidays Generous Paid Time Off Packages Employee Stock Purchase Plan Paid Parental & Family Leave and more!  EEO Statement Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability veteran's status or any other protected characteristic.
cyber security engineer,As a Security Engineer you will be responsible for helping to secure and protect our global infrastructure. The role has a wide range of responsibilities that span different domains. You will be responsible for responding to various security inquiries facilitating information security audits performing vulnerability scans recommending corrective actions and investigating security incidents. Duties and Responsibilities: Support the secure operation of all technology within Amobee Assist with improvements to the Amobee ISMS Assist with responses to security assessments and other third party questionnaires Assist with vulnerability scans using various commercial open source and internal tools Assist with all internal and external security and compliance audits Assist in identifying and gathering information security metrics Stay current with security technologies trends vulnerabilities and threats Review security technologies across multiple platforms and products Help create implement and maintain security policies and procedures Work with developers and product managers to help define security requirements for new projects Documentation of Knowledge Base articles How-to’s policies and procedures Conduct information security risk assessments Required Qualifications: B.S. in Computer Science or related degree and 5+ years of professional experience in information security software development or other IT related field or M.S in Computer Science or related degree and 1+ years of professional experience in information security software development or other IT related field Familiarity with Linux/UNIX Familiarity with the OSI model and Internet Protocols Familiarity with cloud computing offerings (IaaS PaaS Saas from AWS Salesforce G-Suite etc.) Familiarity with different compliance frameworks (ISO 27000 GDPR etc.).Familiarity with web application technologies (HTTP TLS HTML and JavaScript) Familiarity with data encryption standards and technologies Familiarity with SIEM Technologies (ELK QRadar Splunk etc.) and other logging services Experience working with distributed teams Excellent written and verbal communication skills Must be a team player with the ability to work independently Preferred Qualifications: CISSP CCSK Programming experience in a Linux/UNIX environment and/or with REST like web services Compensation for Colorado residents only: Amobee carefully considers many factors such as experience and competencies regarding compensation. These considerations can greatly impact compensation amounts. This role starts at a minimum $70100 annual base salary. Depending on non-discriminatory factors such as experience qualifications and skillsets the actual pay may be higher. Amobee also offers a very competitive benefits package which are subject to eligibility requirements.  #LI-CW1 #LI-REMOTE  About Amobee The world’s leading independent advertising platform Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV over the top connected TV and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners including Facebook Instagram Pinterest Snapchat and Twitter.  Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel one of the largest telco companies in the world reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America Europe Middle East Asia and Australia. For more information visit amobee.com or follow @amobee  In addition to our great environment we offer a competitive base salary employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies please.
cyber security engineer,Company Description  ClientSolv Technologies is an IT solution firm with over a decade of experience serving Fortune 1000 companies public sector and small to medium sized companies. ClientSolv Technologies is a woman-owned and operated company that is certified as a WMBE 8a firm by the Federal government's Small Business Administration.  Job Description  We are seeking a Cyber Security Engineer for a direct hire/permanent role supporting an enterprise environment. This full time role will be fully remote and can sit anywhere within the U.S.  In this role you will join a Cyber Security Engineering Team that will deliver technical advisory services and security governance to mature and innovate our security capabilities.  Work with Network and Data Center services across hybrid and cloud environments (to include AWS GCP and Azure) Manage Zero Trust network configurations Manage network traffic solutions such as firewalls and proxies Develop and lead the process for building and translating technical business requirements into enterprise security solutions designed to protect information and digital assets with acceptable levels of control. Provide key strategic input and provide solution designs for the security program. Provide recommendations on improvements for existing security solutions and participate in the design and implementation of new security solutions across multiple domains.  Qualifications 3 or more years of experience designing and implementing Zero Trust network configurations in large enterprises. Experience designing and managing network traffic solutions (Firewalls Proxies etc.) across multi-cloud and hybrid-cloud environments Experience designing and implementing Next-Gen Firewalls (Cisco Palo Alto etc.) Experience with hybrid and multi-cloud environments (AWS AZURE GCP) Experience with SIEM solutions (Splunk preferred) Understanding of multiple security domains Nice-to-have: Knowledge and understanding of modern cyber threat actors their motivation scenarios tools tactics and procedures Ability to present complex technical information to a variety of audiences both technical and non-technical in written and/or oral formats Understanding of risk management practices with emphasis on risk assessment and interpretation and application of corporate information security policies Ability to evaluate risk business impact cost and difficulty to remediate in relation to communication of findings  Additional Information  This direct hire/full-time telecommuting role will offer a Salary sign on bonus annual bonus performance incentives and a comprehensive suite of benefits (401K Healthcare packages PTO etc.). This is a U.S based role (located virtually within the U.S.).
cyber security engineer,The Elevator Pitch: Why will you enjoy this new opportunity? Working with VMware SEBU/SASE team you will be engaged in cutting edge designing implementation of SASE products. You will also be involved in white boarding problem solving troubleshooting cloud native SASE service including centralized policy management Gateways encompassing Data & Control planes and distributed edge. If you are passionate about Networking Policy management Data plane performance & optimization Cloud Systems and Security then you are at the right place. If you are looking forward to working on latest and top of the line technology stack related to L2/L3 and application level networking which keeps you always engaged and gives you ample learning opportunity you will feel right at home. VMware SASE team has a very inclusive and flexible culture which will you let you lead and move across pillars to expand your breadth as well. The 2021 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for WAN Edge Infrastructure report named VMware a Leader for the fourth year running. VMware is positioned furthest for its completeness of vision. Moreover VMware ranked #1 in Cloud-First WAN Use Case in the 2021 Gartner Critical Capabilities for WAN Edge Infrastructure report reflecting our belief that moving to the cloud is and will be critically important for enterprises. Success in the Role: What are the performance outcomes over the first 6-12 months you will work toward completing? You will design and develop core control and dataplane features and services for VMware SASE Edge Gateway and Cloud native security services. Within 30 days of employment you will become competent with VMware SASE’s deployment and high- level design. You will work closely with Engineering QE Product Management Support and Tech Ops to provide day-to-day operations for the SASE portfolio. Within 90 days of employment you will be providing high level design overview in your area of learning and pillar ownership. You will be providing code review in control and dataplane areas fixing issues in code with troubleshooting and debuggability. Within 180 days you will be in a position to work on field escalations and help out on a rotation basis with on-call support. Within 360 days along with above you will be reviewing new feature request requirement and putting together functional and design specifications in SASE areas. You will be a self-starter and lean into projects until the best solution is found. The Work: What type of work will you be doing? What assignments requirements or skills will you be performing on a regular basis? Your regular activities may be modified to suit your professional strengths but you can expect a variety of the following assignments: You will work as an expert Technical Lead in the team. Collaborate effectively with other staff to solve complex problems Assist with debugging and verification of defects in your own and others' work Daily you will make hands on changes in SASE/SDWAN dataplane code using C programming with emphasis on multi-threaded programming Build new cloud native security services and integrate with existing SASE services and other third party eco system components Optimize and innovate to improve data plane performance. Build cloud first scalable software You will work on jira and confluence fixing bugs in software code and writing design know-how docs. What is the leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like? The hiring manager for this role is Sashidhar “Sashi” Annaluru but this role will report to a newly hired Engineering Manager. Sashi a Senior Director of Engineering leading SD-WAN and SSE engineering team in the SEBU SASE division. Sashi is a strong proponent of SaaS cloud-native technologies and opensource. Sashi encourages his team to be agile self-empowered to pick up complex problems and bring innovative solutions to the table together. The team is distributed and works across different parts of the globe. Most of the team works in Palo Alto with folks also distributed in US. The team follows dynamic open culture at work and encourages to learn from each other teach others and grow along with others being collaborative and courteous. What are the benefits and perks of working at VMware? You and your loved ones will be supported with a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Below are some highlights or you can view the complete benefits package by visiting www.benefits.vmware.com. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Medical Coverage Retirement and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types Generous Time Off Programs 40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges or developmental disabilities Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation trainings course work etc.) Wellness reimbursement and online fitness and wellbeing classes  This job may require the candidate to travel and/or work from a facility that requires full vaccination prior to entry.  Category : Engineering and Technology Subcategory: Software Engineering Experience: Business Leadership Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Posted Date: 2022-03-24 Research & Development Operations & Central Services: VMware’s R&D Operations and Central Services team makes sure our customers enjoy a high-quality experience across the entire product portfolio. Our goal is to protect the company’s brand reputation by continually improving customer satisfaction. We bring together key R&D functions such as performance security and release management which frees up R&D business units to focus on product innovation. Our priorities include investing in R&D talent sharing best practices and driving scale and agility in VMware products. Are you interested in expanding your R&D skills and experience in ways few jobs can? Join our team and you’ll help deliver game-changing solutions across business units and product lines. Our team members also work with outside companies build new contacts and take part in industry-wide conferences and committees.  VMware Company Overview: At VMware we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud mobility and security software form a flexible consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution passion integrity customers and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs job requirements and individual qualifications without regard to race color religion or belief national social or ethnic origin sex (including pregnancy) age physical mental or sensory disability HIV Status sexual orientation gender identity and/or expression marital civil union or domestic partnership status past or present military service family medical history or genetic information family or parental status or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
cyber security engineer,The world isn’t standing still and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good.  You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities.  Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication telematics digital photo claims and more recently device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. Job Summary **This position is a permanent remote home-based worker opportunity. Your home office does not need to be near an Allstate office but it does need to be in the United States. This Cloud Security engineering role is eligible for a monthly connectivity reimbursement to offset the costs of internet and phone expenses.**  As a Cloud Security Engineer you will consult on Cloud solutions that will balance the need for speed and flexibility of Cloud infrastructure and IaaS/PaaS/SaaS applications with the need to protect Allstate against ongoing and potential security threats. You will implement the Information Security design for Cloud usage throughout the enterprise enforce compliance with Security policies controls and function as a technical SME on various projects. This critical role requires the ability to synthesize radical ideas the aptitude to define new security strategies and the tenacity to get the job done globally. Key Responsibilities Serve as a thought leader solution visionary and technology expert Drive Cloud Security Engineering for Enterprise IT and Business IT teams in both IaaS/PaaS and SaaS implementations Serve as primary interface to governance compliance and risk management teams to ensure the system consistently meets the requirements Participate in designing / managing IT Security strategy including both infrastructure and applications Be an active member of Design & Build IT projects steering cloud configurations and services towards industry-leading security with your domain expertise Actively assess existing cloud implementations identifying security issues and prioritizing fixes Engineer and implement new Cloud Security tools to feed DevOps/SecOps processes to ensure solvency of cloud compute resources Provide daily ongoing security oversight of SecOps operations to include the security impact of proposed modifications additions and technology implementation/refresh operations Understand / Perform system security vulnerabilities and associated threats and assess overall security risks to the system using approved software tools Provide mitigation recommendations to reduce identified security risks Work directly with internal IT staff and customer to establish and enforce IT security best practices protection objectives process improvements and effective IT security controls Thoroughly understand software installations systems monitoring and troubleshooting account management and overall efforts to minimize system downtime Job Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science Management Information Systems etc. preferred 5+ years’ professional experience as a Security Engineer supporting software architecture dev environments Experience with Git Jenkins Chef and Puppet Experience with common scripting languages (Python Ruby) Strong experience with cloud security strategy cloud provider ecosystems (Amazon AWS/ Microsoft Azure) & migrating Enterprise from traditional data center Infrastructure Application and Data designs to hybrid or fully-cloud enabled practices Familiar with DevOps and Agile methodology Knowledge of cloud networking architecture cloud operations security automation and orchestration Clear understanding of security protocols and standards and experience with software/security architectures Demonstrate an ability to bridge tech knowledge gaps between IT staff and corporate staff such as Legal Compliance and Audit organizations Understand how to design and implement security tests in accordance with stated criteria Experience with Linux/UNIX Windows servers MS SQL Oracle MySQL MongoDB Familiar with high-availability (HA) and failover implementations for network infrastructure and server systems Strong written and oral communication skills Organized responsive and highly thorough problem solver  The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation which includes a drug screen.  Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.  As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance medical and dental insurance as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy.  Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter Facebook Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.  Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.  Effective July 1 2014 under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242 it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.  For jobs in San Francisco please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.  To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs  To view the FMLA poster click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.  It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry age color disability genetic information gender gender identity gender expression sexual and reproductive health decision marital status medical condition military or veteran status national origin race (include traits historically associated with race including but not limited to hair texture and protective hairstyles) religion (including religious dress) sex or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship including but not limited to hiring training salary administration promotion job assignment benefits discipline and separation of employment.
applications engineer,How brave are you? We are a high-tech company providing machine tools and laser technology and are looking for people who can face new challenges with a fresh mind. As an independent family company we offer you the freedom and trust to put your brave ideas into practice. With you on board we would like to power ahead with the digital networking of the manufacturing industry. Our passion and creative drive ensure that we are an innovative force – across the globe at over 70 TRUMPF locations. Perform essential functions for the Sales Applications areas in the form of product demonstrations time studies and post sales customer applications support. Besides the “typical” role of applications for customer demos the “Advanced Technology Engineer – TruBend / TruBend Cell” will also support the operations team and ensure the equipment to be running properly within the innovative and fully connected environment of TRUMPF Chicago Duties & Responsibilities Provide customer application & sales phone and remote support utilizing TRUMPF digital solutions as well as post-sales expertise support during the initial production ramp up phase at customer sites Conduct best in class customer product and production flow demonstrations at TUSC and trade shows to increase product sales Perform parts analysis for producibility / time studies and produce customer sample parts at the TRUMPF Smart Factory if requested. This includes programming gripper analysis and building as well as running in the parts to showcase the machine capabilities Continuously excel the Bending technology knowledge by participating in trainings and testing functions of the machine to provide best in class support for our customers with daily production challenges Be responsible for the assigned technology in the production showroom environment key performance indicators (i.e. on time delivery quality machine utilization) and support operations for real customer parts production Expand knowledge beyond bending technology and learn integrated cutting & bending solutions and their interaction with digitally connected production processes storage and TRUMPF’s Manufacturing Execution System (TruTops Fab) Consult and demonstrate latest machine technology related solutions for Industry 4.0. Utilization of all hardware / software / services that pertain to the technology to become a resident expert / go to person for the technology Perform entire system walkthroughs in the showroom from order to shipping Provide customer & sales phone and remote support utilizing TRUMPF digital solutions as well as post-sales support through onsite visits Collaborate with product centers and other TRUMPF subsidiaries to provide feedback on product development / improvement ideas for existing or new products in the field of bending technology Travel estimate is 30-40% on average with focus in USA Experience Press Brake experience is strongly desired automated bending experience preferred. Significant experience with CAD and programming and machine tool product knowledge desired. Knowledge of manufacturing technologies and production software systems preferred. Excellent communication skills in both written and verbal are required as this position involves extensive contact with customers and sales representatives. Education Minimum 2-year technical school degree with a solid math background or the suitable equivalent of education and work experience. TRUMPF is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin citizenship disability veteran status or other protected class.
applications engineer,Summary The ATF Applications Engineer reporting to the Product Manager is responsible for partnering with internal and external ATF customers to provide key technical support in the design development and testing of product as well as support the growth of key customer accounts. Key components of the Applications Engineer role include but are not limited to account management application support project generation technical training and troubleshooting. Position Responsibilities Serve as a lead for the facilitation and coordination of product testing corresponding reporting within ATF applications lab environments for key customer accounts. Lead product development discussions with customers to understand fastening needs and propose solutions to provide the lowest in place joint cost. Partner with ATF customers to identify fastening system solutions including but not limited to boss designs fastener designs and assembly considerations. Successfully manage and grow key customer accounts within the ATF’s core product lines Serve as a lead technical resource for ATF customers to provide proactive solutions both internally and externally. Develop and distribute key technical data related to ATF opportunities including potential solution offerings for our customers. Serve as a lead technical resource for ATF technical presentations including but not limited to customer education troubleshooting and training and development for internal and external customers. Aid in identifying new licensed products to add to the ATF portfolio. Provide Engineering support to Quality Manufacturing and Tooling as needed Interact with suppliers/subcontractors to obtain quotes if/as required Ensuring ATF has all necessary customer specifications to quote and produce new parts Determine feasibility materials and manufacturing processes required to produce a new part (including the associated costs) Other duties and projects as assigned by supervisor Continuous improvement for your areas of responsibility Knowledge Skills & Abilities Demonstrate excellent technical and communication skills. Demonstrated process improvement skills and problem solving. Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities at any given time. Strong knowledge of engineering principles. Team player who can work in a fast paced dynamic & demanding work environment. Practice Servant Leadership – Humility Same Day Response Speak The Truth – Practice honesty fairness and professional courtesy to everyone Go The Extra Mile – Answer the question behind the question Education and Experience Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering or related field. One to five years’ experience in automotive industry or related engineer field preferred. Job Type: Full-time Benefits: 401(k) 401(k) matching Dental insurance Flexible spending account Health insurance Life insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Schedule: Monday to Friday Ability to commute/relocate: Lincolnwood IL 60712: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required) Application Question(s): Will you need sponsorship? Work Location: One location
applications engineer,Introduction At IBM work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so lets talk.  Your Role and Responsibilities IBM Cloud Object Storage has an exciting opportunity available for a Technical Support Engineer who will be responsible for troubleshooting the most complex urgent visible and challenging problems within the IBM Cloud and On-Premise IBM Cloud Object Storage systems. Supports both the IBM Cloud and On-Premise clients in finding solutions to technical challenges. Assigned client issues needing resolution that are escalated from level 1 and level 2 support teams. Identifies and implements actions to resolve client issues and restore normal operations on high visibility large-scale deployments. Ensures a timely and high-quality resolution of client requests while providing clearly written updates within support tickets. Interlocks with dependent teams to resolve customer issues and determine root causes. Creates automation to improve serviceability through the lessons learned from field reported issues. Be the “voice of the customer” in the product development of new features. Reproduces customer reported issues in a lab environment and validate solutions. Participate in the on-call support rotation which requires outside business hours. Delivers a proactive “can-do” contribution towards overcoming obstacles impacting a client’s business.  This position may be held in a remote work location.  If you are hired into a Colorado work location the anticipated compensation range for the position ($82000 - $153000) is based on a full-time schedule. Your ultimate compensation may vary depending on your job-related skills and experience. For part time roles the compensation will be adjusted appropriately.   Required Technical and Professional Expertise Strong oral and written communication skills that are logical structured factual and compelling. Experience working in a large-scale distributed system architecture and troubleshooting issues across system components. Knowledge of native cloud applications REST API S3 and SDKs. 1 plus years experience providing customers with technical support in the data storage or similar industry. Proficient with the Linux operating system and tools such as JSON query Awk Sed etc. Programing experience in one or more scripting languages (Python Perl Bash etc.) that can be applied to large data sets and automation. Experience using analysis tools including Elastic Search / Kibana Splunk and Jupyter Notebook Bachelor’s degree in computer science engineering or comparable experience.  Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise None  About Business Unit Digitization is accelerating the ongoing evolution of business and clouds - public private and hybrid - enable companies to extend their existing infrastructure and integrate across systems. IBM Cloud provides the security control and visibility that our clients have come to expect. We are working to provide the right tools and environment to combine all of our client’s data no matter where it resides to respond to changing market dynamics. This job requires you to provide your COVID-19 vaccination status with supporting documentation where legally permissible.  Your Life @ IBM Are you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so then it's time to join us express your individuality unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.  Every IBMer and potential ones like yourself has a voice carves their own path and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients of society and IBM itself to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.  It's time to define your career.  About IBM IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence reason and science we can improve business society and the human condition bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.  Restlessly reinventing since 1911 we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business.  At IBM we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.  Location Statement IBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance retirement plans and time off eligible employees may also have access to:  12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan save and manage your money (including expert financial counseling 401(k) IBM stock discount etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products services and experiences.  We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable law.  US Citizenship Required.  Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion gender gender identity or expression sexual orientation national origin genetics pregnancy disability age veteran status or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
applications engineer,The Application engineer will be part of the program that will be migrating all MGA standalone instances into an Enterprise Vertafore AIM platform. The engineer will also be responsible for providing support and maintenance to business applications. Works with IT and business operations across diverse businesses to assess systems information needs and correspond with vendors to ensure resolution of key issues which includes participating in company information systems projects.  Major Functions: Project Functions  Learn AIM and ImageRight configuration as well as setup.  Develop and maintain computer system documentation including specifications through change controls procedures and other relevant information in accordance with defined standards.  Train internal Applications Team on Enterprise AIM and ImageRight.  Perform system integration and functional verification tests for software; coordinate user acceptance testing; review test results with user and obtain user approval.  Perform software upgrades and changes in UAT/Test and coordinate production migration.  Recommend solutions or alternatives to meet end-user needs or to help users perform their job more efficiently.  Identify system impact of changes in the Company business user needs external business environment (i.e. Carrier Systems) and operating systems.  Support Functions  Serve as third level support for core Broker Applications.  Review error logs; research and resolve problems.  Work with vendors to research and resolve problems.  Responsible for maintenance of assigned systems including scheduled utilities.  Monitor application performance and develop recommendations for corrections and improvements  Coordinate with Service Desk lead on introduction of new applications and accompanying Maintenance and Support SOPs.  As required coordinate activities with technical support staff and operations management.  Education Knowledge Training Skills and Experience Required:  3 years’ experience administering a core Broker Management Systems preferred (AIM ImageRight Epic TAM Sagitta or AMS360). 1 – 2 years’ experience required working with MS SQL MS Office 365 Windows Servers and PowerShell. 5 years’ experience in the Insurance industry preferred. 1 year experience working in a distributed network environment. 2 years’ experience working with end users and providing production support. 1 year experience developing test plans and data testing and verification of results. Excellent interpersonal skills required. Strong organizational skills detail oriented with the ability to handle multiple projects and priorities concurrently. Consultative skillset with superior communications and collaboration abilities. Evenings weekends or non-regular hours will be required.  Department Information Technology  Required Experience: 5-7 years of relevant experience  Required Travel: Negligible  Required Education: Bachelor's degree (4-year degree)  HUB International Limited is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race/ethnicity national origin religion age color sex sexual orientation gender identity disability or veteran's status or any other characteristic protected by local state or federal laws rules or regulations. The EEO is the Law poster and its supplement is available here athttp://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm.  EEOAA Policy  E-Verify Program  We endeavor to make this website accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process please contact the US Recruiting Team toll-free at (844) 300-9193 orUSRecruiting@hubinternational.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only; do not use this contact information to inquire about the status of applications.
applications engineer,Applications Engineer - Industrial OEM - 1601JM  Description NTN Bearing Corporation of America located in Mt. Prospect IL is hiring for the position of Applications Engineer for the Industrial OEM business unit. Industrial OEM (IOE) Applications Engineers are the primary technical resource for NTN customers; specifically those customers developing manufacturing and marketing original equipment which utilizes products relevant to NTN.  Primary responsibilities:  Establishing and maintaining strong professional technical relationships with IOE customers’ engineers Identifying new customer projects (opportunities) and remaining engaged until successful completion Promoting and demonstrating NTN as a solutions provider Performing accurate and relevant analysis on customers’ applications and the associated NTN products Compiling and presenting high-quality technical reports to customers Providing technically-sound recommendations while also considering NTN’s commercial needs and interests Clearly communicating and collaborating with other NTN Engineering groups Maintaining primary communication with customers and internal NTN personnel for all product quality-related matters and product-launch requirements  Requirements:  2 - 10 years experience in the rolling-element bearing industry or experience with bearings while employed by an industrial automotive or agricultural OEM Ability to travel (approximately 20-25%) Strong technical knowledge and capabilities; ability to apply skills to analysis of customer applications and NTN products Stong communication and interpersonal skills to both document and present findings to customers and internal NTN personnel The ability to utilize commercially-available and internally-developed software Motivated to identify tasks and action items while driving projects to successful completion. A bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering (BSME) from a highly accredited institution  NTN Bearing Corporation (NBCA) offers a full range of comprehensive benefits including choice of medical plans dental vision life and disability insurance a cash-matching 401(k) Plan separate company contribution to your 401(k) retirement account paid vacation additional paid time off during the major holiday season and eligibility for tuition reimbursement. NTN Bearing Corporation is an equal opportunity employer that strongly supports diversity in the work place.  How to apply: If you are interested in this employment opportunity please visit our website at www.ntnamericas.com click careers and apply. LI-PJ1  Job : Mechanical Engineer Primary Location : Illinois-Mt. Prospect-1600 E. Bishop Ct Organization : Engineering Industrial :  Job Posting : Jun 20 2022 12:21:51 PM
applications engineer,When you join Allied Universal® Technology Services you are joining one of the fastest growing security systems integrators in North America. Build your career within a fast-paced dynamic and diverse environment that combines leading-edge technology solutions - electronic access control video surveillance alarm monitoring emergency communications robotics drones and other smart tech innovative solutions - with physical security solutions to safeguard our clients and our communities. Allied Universal® Technology Services is looking to hire a and Applications Engineer. The Applications Engineer is responsible for software specific support of our installation team to include the integration / interface of multiple disparate software applications into fully functioning solutions. This position will be responsible for all levels of systems head-end commissioning upgrades and advanced diagnostics to achieve the defined functionality of systems operation. The Applications Engineer should be capable of utilizing existing SDK’s and/or API’s to ensure the desired level of integration and should be capable to perform customized integration between software applications. The Applications Engineer’s schedule will be coordinated by the Operations and Project managers to be effectively and efficiently utilized. Essential Functions and Responsibilities Capable of advanced integration between disparate electronic security systems LAN & Network configurations experience to include wireless communications system. Perform systems diagnostic and troubleshooting duties to ensure a fully functioning system Work with Project Managers End Users and Technician team to provide assistance in regards to the software systems Troubleshoot project issues and engage appropriate resources as needed. Escalate significant issues to management team as needed. Work with Project Management team to coordinate project and work schedules to ensure project efficiencies Work with Operations Manager to schedule and maintain appropriate licensing and software trainings for professional development Take the lead in End User Software training Knowledge and Skills High school diploma or equivalent required BA/BS Degree preferred In depth knowledge of industry leading security system and equipment providers Certification with major enterprise level security/access control systems preferred Decision-making and problem-solving ability Ability to read and understand advanced technical information/documentation Proficient with MS Office Suite (Excel Outlook PowerPoint Project SharePoint and Word) Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with both internal and external customers Must be detail-oriented and organized Strong analytical and problem solving capabilities Strong time management skills Self-motivated with the ability to motivate and influence others Must be able to manage multiple tasks while meeting strict deadlines Possess excellent follow-up skills Certifications in the following Software platforms are required Open Options SoftwareHouse ONSSI Milestone Exacq Brivo NiceVision Genetec Allied Universal® is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity age color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin genetic information disability protected veteran status or relationship/association with a protected veteran or any other basis or characteristic protected by law. For more information: www.aus.com If you have any questions regarding Equal Employment Opportunity Affirmative Action Diversity and Inclusion have difficulty using the online system and require an alternate method to apply or require an accommodation at any time during the recruitment and/or employment process please contact our local Human Resources department. To find an office near you please visit: www.aus.com/offices.
applications engineer,We Breathe Life Into Data At Komodo Health our mission is to reduce the global burden of disease. And we believe that smarter use of data is essential to this mission. That's why we built the Healthcare Map — the industry's largest most complete precise view of the U.S. healthcare system — by combining de-identified real-world patient data with innovative algorithms and decades of clinical experience. The Healthcare Map serves as our foundation for a powerful suite of software applications helping us answer healthcare's most complex questions for our partners. Across the healthcare ecosystem we're helping our clients unlock critical insights to track detailed patient behaviors and treatment patterns identify gaps in care address unmet patient needs and reduce the global burden of disease. As we pursue these goals it remains essential to us that we stay grounded in our values: be awesome seek growth deliver "wow" and enjoy the ride. At Komodo you will be joining a team of ambitious supportive Dragons with diverse backgrounds but a shared passion to deliver on our mission to reduce the burden of disease — and enjoy the journey along the way. The Opportunity at Komodo Health Komodo aims to build the most accessible actionable collection of healthcare data in the industry. As we are maturing we are investing in our user experience to create rich and intuitive web interfaces to bring users closer to our data. Our diverse clients have a range of familiarity with healthcare technicalities and we strive to provide a dynamic interface designed to be simple enough for a layperson while also allowing power users to explore our data with the all the depth and sophistication they require. This role will be a key contributor to the design and implementation of the web-based gateway to Komodo's healthcare data integrating multiple APIs to search retrieve and visually analyze relevant medical data. By exposing the power of Komodo's data APIs directly to consumers and leveraging innovative caching techniques to create drillable pivotable visualizations you will help create a state-of-the-art interactive experience for internal and external users alike. Looking back on your first 12 months at Komodo Health you will have… Developed an analytical web application with a focus on effectively specifying a complex data set and visualizing returned results Implemented a large-scale caching solution to facilitate high-speed requerying of relevant data Designed beautiful and dynamic front-end visualizations to render complex metrics in a clear and comprehensible manner Designed front-end assets to maximize reuse and composability while keeping code clean and effectively organized Partnered with our Product Managers and wrote design documents to help explain tradeoffs between implementation choices. Ensured non-functional requirements are met such as around developer experience and maintainability Navigated technical dependencies between different data and web assets to ensure smooth operations Set a high bar for technical quality and contributed to developing team best practices What you bring to Komodo: Significant experience with React / Redux ideally with experience with Router and Sagas/Thunks Significant experience with Python Experience with some form of the SVG framework - D3/Highcharts/ReactCharts Experience with modern caching patterns and approaches leveraging Elasticache Redis Elasticsearch or others Working knowledge of XHR module such as axios or fetch Working knowledge of ES6 & ES7 Understand and design for non-functional concerns such as performance cost optimization maintainability and developer experience. #LI-CT1 #LI-JK1 #LI-Remote Where You'll Work Komodo Health has a hybrid work model; we recognize the power of choice and importance of flexibility for the well-being of both our company and our individual Dragons. Roles may be completely remote based anywhere in the country listed remote but based in a specific region or local (commuting distance) to one of our hubs in San Francisco New York City or Chicago with remote work options. What We Offer On top of our commitment to providing competitive fair pay for all roles at Komodo Health we're proud to offer robust and inclusive benefits to all Dragons at Komodo Health. We offer global time off programs extensive internal and external career development and learning opportunities multiple affinity groups celebrating our team's diversity and an annual wellness and productivity stipend to support you in being your healthiest best self. Equal Opportunity Statement Komodo Health provides equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type with regard to race color religion age sex national origin disability status genetics protected veteran status sexual orientation gender identity or expression or any other characteristic protected by federal state or local laws.
applications engineer,R&D Metals Applications Engineer 22002162  *NOTE - THIS POSITION WILL BE BASED IN TONAWANDA NY* Linde is a leading global industrial gases and engineering company with 2021 sales of $31 billion. We live our mission of making our world more productive every day by providing high-quality solutions technologies and services which are making our customers more successful and helping to sustain and protect our planet. The company serves a variety of end markets including chemicals & refining food & beverage electronics healthcare manufacturing and primary metals. Linde’s industrial gases are used in countless applications from life-saving oxygen for hospitals to high-purity & specialty gases for electronics manufacturing hydrogen for clean fuels and much more. Linde also delivers state-of-the-art gas processing solutions to support customer expansion efficiency improvements and emissions reductions. For more information about the company please visit our website at www.lindeus.com. POSITION QUALIFICATION SUMMARY: In this role you will be a member of the R&D Metals Applications team and be responsible for the identification development demonstration and commercialization of new combustion and/or metal-making technologies of commercial value to Linde. This will require working closely with external customers R&D and Business Development personnel as well as other organizations within Linde. The successful candidate must demonstrate high levels of leadership capability a focus on safety strong verbal and written communication skills a team-oriented focus and an ability to find innovative technical solutions that best meet the needs of the customer. This will require that they stay abreast of new technology developments in their field of expertise and actively contribute ideas for new programs. They must possess the ability to work with minimal supervision with guidance in the most complex situations and have strong execution and project management skills. Only individuals having industrial experience developing and implementing novel technologies in pyro-metallurgical and/or primary metal-making industries will be considered. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Evaluate ideas on technical and commercial merit and in the context of the industrial gas business and propose new technologies and solutions that lead to new development programs. Inform decisions and strategies for existing development programs and for enhancing the technical strength of the department. Work within and across organizational and company boundaries to plan lead and coordinate R&D project development activities from program inception to completion and acceptance. Design and conduct testing and/or demonstration of new technologies in Praxair combustion lab and at customer industrial facilities. Evaluate experimental data and develop scientific and engineering understanding. Will be recognized internally as a key technical contributor to one or more fields of expertise. Research and understand the intellectual property landscape and identify opportunities around key areas of expertise new technologies and processes. Prepare invention disclosures and supporting research for intellectual property protection. Work under minimal supervision with guidance only in the most complex situations. Write reports and making recommendations to management as to future directions of development programs. Present results to customers and at internal/external technical meetings. Support field demonstrations and commercialization of metals and combustion technologies worldwide  Basic: Master’s Degree in Chemical Mechanical Industrial or Metallurgical Engineering (or other similar discipline) with more than 5 years of relevant industrial experience working in pyro-metallurgical and/or primary metal-making industries OR a PhD Degree in Chemical Mechanical Industrial or Metallurgical Engineering (or other similar discipline) with more than 3 years of relevant industrial experience working in pyro-metallurgical and/or primary metal-making industries Experience focused on blast furnace/direct reduced iron ironmaking processes Proven record of successfully developing and commercially deploying novel technologies. Strong fundamental knowledge of process design unit operations mass & energy balances heat transfer combustion and reaction engineering is essential. Working experience with METSIM/UNISIM process simulation software an asset. Creativity with excellent interpersonal and oral/written communication skills. An independent and results oriented disposition with the demonstrated ability to successfully execute R&D projects in an industrial environment. Ability to travel up to 25% of the time (domestic and international) Preferred: Ph.D. Degree in Chemical or Mechanical Engineering Experience working in the Industrial Gases and or primary metal-making industries. Industrial experience in Steel or Iron-making research and development. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex national origin age disability protected veteran status pregnancy sexual orientation gender identity or expression or any other reason prohibited by applicable law. Primary Location Illinois-Burr Ridge Other Locations Michigan-Detroit Pennsylvania-Pittsburgh Schedule Full-time Job R&D Job Posting Jun 22 2022 11:00:00 PM Unposting Date Aug 31 2022 10:59:00 PM
applications engineer,As part of the John Crane DISCOVER Graduate Engineer Program you will have a unique opportunity to launch your careers following a comprehensive 24- to 30-month program with four development phases. Each development phase includes different forms of technical or soft skills training combined with international field reliability engineering exposure. As operational needs permit you may have the opportunity to participate in short-term assignments at one or more of our sites focusing on design/application manufacturing research and development and possibly others. Technical training and field experience are key components of the DISCOVER program that will help you develop the knowledge and skills needed to solve a variety of complex engineering challenges. As you advance through the program you will learn how dynamic operating conditions influence our technology's performance and reliability. This learning will help you build the confidence needed to interpret forensic evidence and provide technical sound recommendations to customers. Advancement through each phase of the DISCOVER program is based on successful completion of all required training and the ability to demonstrate the required proficiency level specified for the knowledge and skill requirements related to our products and services. Upon completing the DISCOVER program career advancement opportunities may be available based on individual performance and potential demonstrated experience professionalism personal preferences business needs and management recommendation. We are looking for ambitious and adaptable recent students graduating soon with a Bachelor of Science engineering degree in mechanical manufacturing chemical or equivalent. Duties & Responsibilities The DISCOVER program requires participants to be highly mobile and willing to work outside their country of origin on an individual status (relocation costs for family members is not covered by John Crane). Interested students must be willing to relocate to an international field location for no less than 30 months. The duration of international field assignments is always subject to change based on business needs. While participating in the DISCOVER program multiple short-term assignments from your primary location of work may be required for periods of approximately two months. Short-term assignments may require temporary relocation to other field locations within the region or internationally or to one of our engineering manufacturing or research and development facilities located around the world. Your onboarding will consist of in-depths technical training with your peers on the Program to ensure you are well prepared for your field assignment. The onboarding training will comprise a mix of technical as well as non- technical topics as below: Pump Introduction Wet Seals Fundamentals Seal Assembly Repair and Testing Seal Installation and Operation Seal Observation Analysis Internal Engineering Applications Manufacturing Introduction Seal Support Systems Seal Calculations Reliability Engineering Diversity & Inclusion We believe that different perspectives and backgrounds are what make a company flourish. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment regardless of race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin economic status disability age or any other legally protected characteristics. We are proud to be an inclusive company with values grounded in equality and ethics where we celebrate support and embrace diversity. The Individual We are looking for students who are eager to go on international assignments and are excited by a culturally diverse setting. International assignment locations include but are not limited to: North America Latin America Europe Africa Middle East and Asia. Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Manufacturing Chemical Materials Engineering (or equivalent degree) or letter from registrar confirming graduation date by Dec 2021/May 2022. Program will consider International Non-US Citizen Candidates with Student Visa and/or work authorization for 12 months through Optional Practical Training (OPT) with a Dec 2021/May 2022 graduation date. Previous engineering experience (internship co-op undergraduate research etc.) is advantageous You enjoy areas such as New Product Development Prototyping testing and design/analysis Experience in design drafting and related technical assignments is a plus. It is advantageous if you have experience with software applications such as CAD and FEA. You possess good problem-solving skills which include the ability to gather correlate and present statistical data for review and usage by an engineer for the completion of an assigned project. You are excited by and display our values of Integrity Respect Customer Focus Ownership Passion. If you are ready to DISCOVER a new adventure with John Crane please apply now! About Smiths At Smiths we apply leading-edge technology to design manufacture and deliver market-leading innovative solutions that meet our customers' evolving needs and touch the lives of millions of people every day. We are a FTSE100 global business of around 23000 colleagues based in 55 countries. Our solutions have a real impact on lives across the planet enabling industry improving healthcare enhancing security advancing connectivity and supporting new homes. Our products and services are often critical to our customers’ operations while our proprietary technology and high service levels help create competitive advantage. We welcome colleagues with a curious mind who are happy with responsibility enjoy a challenge and are attracted by the idea of working at a business with an almost 170 year history of innovation and five global divisions all experts in their field. About John Crane John Crane is a global leader in rotating equipment solutions supplying engineered technologies and services to process industries. The company designs and manufactures a variety of products including mechanical seals and systems couplings filtration systems and digital diagnostics technologies. John Crane customer service is accessed through a global network of more than 200 sales and service facilities in over 50 countries. Global reported revenue for fiscal year 2021 was in excess of $1 billion USD. John Crane is part of Smiths Group a global leader in applying advanced technologies for markets in threat and contraband detection energy medical devices communications and engineered components.
applications engineer,Location: North America USA Morton Grove Ref: JOHNCRANENA01412 Division: John Crane Job Function: Engineering As part of the John Crane DISCOVER Graduate Engineer Program you will have a unique opportunity to launch your careers following a comprehensive 24- to 30-month program with four development phases. Each development phase includes different forms of technical or soft skills training combined with international field reliability engineering exposure. As operational needs permit you may have the opportunity to participate in short-term assignments at one or more of our sites focusing on design/application manufacturing research and development and possibly others. Technical training and field experience are key components of the DISCOVER program that will help you develop the knowledge and skills needed to solve a variety of complex engineering challenges. As you advance through the program you will learn how dynamic operating conditions influence our technology's performance and reliability. This learning will help you build the confidence needed to interpret forensic evidence and provide technical sound recommendations to customers. Advancement through each phase of the DISCOVER program is based on successful completion of all required training and the ability to demonstrate the required proficiency level specified for the knowledge and skill requirements related to our products and services. Upon completing the DISCOVER program career advancement opportunities may be available based on individual performance and potential demonstrated experience professionalism personal preferences business needs and management recommendation. We are looking for ambitious and adaptable recent students graduating soon with a Bachelor of Science engineering degree in mechanical manufacturing chemical or equivalent. Duties & Responsibilities The DISCOVER program requires participants to be highly mobile and willing to work outside their country of origin on an individual status (relocation costs for family members is not covered by John Crane). Interested students must be willing to relocate to an international field location for no less than 30 months. The duration of international field assignments is always subject to change based on business needs. While participating in the DISCOVER program multiple short-term assignments from your primary location of work may be required for periods of approximately two months. Short-term assignments may require temporary relocation to other field locations within the region or internationally or to one of our engineering manufacturing or research and development facilities located around the world. Your onboarding will consist of in-depths technical training with your peers on the Program to ensure you are well prepared for your field assignment. The onboarding training will comprise a mix of technical as well as non- technical topics as below: Pump Introduction Wet Seals Fundamentals Seal Assembly Repair and Testing Seal Installation and Operation Seal Observation Analysis Internal Engineering Applications Manufacturing Introduction Seal Support Systems Seal Calculations Reliability Engineering Diversity & Inclusion We believe that different perspectives and backgrounds are what make a company flourish. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment regardless of race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin economic status disability age or any other legally protected characteristics. We are proud to be an inclusive company with values grounded in equality and ethics where we celebrate support and embrace diversity. The Individual We are looking for students who are eager to go on international assignments and are excited by a culturally diverse setting. International assignment locations include but are not limited to: North America Latin America Europe Africa Middle East and Asia. Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Manufacturing Chemical Materials Engineering (or equivalent degree) or letter from registrar confirming graduation date by Dec 2021/May 2022. Program will consider International Non-US Citizen Candidates with Student Visa and/or work authorization for 12 months through Optional Practical Training (OPT) with a Dec 2021/May 2022 graduation date. Previous engineering experience (internship co-op undergraduate research etc.) is advantageous You enjoy areas such as New Product Development Prototyping testing and design/analysis Experience in design drafting and related technical assignments is a plus. It is advantageous if you have experience with software applications such as CAD and FEA. You possess good problem-solving skills which include the ability to gather correlate and present statistical data for review and usage by an engineer for the completion of an assigned project. You are excited by and display our values of Integrity Respect Customer Focus Ownership Passion. If you are ready to DISCOVER a new adventure with John Crane please apply now! About Smiths At Smiths we apply leading-edge technology to design manufacture and deliver market-leading innovative solutions that meet our customers' evolving needs and touch the lives of millions of people every day. We are a FTSE100 global business of around 23000 colleagues based in 55 countries. Our solutions have a real impact on lives across the planet enabling industry improving healthcare enhancing security advancing connectivity and supporting new homes. Our products and services are often critical to our customers’ operations while our proprietary technology and high service levels help create competitive advantage. We welcome colleagues with a curious mind who are happy with responsibility enjoy a challenge and are attracted by the idea of working at a business with an almost 170 year history of innovation and five global divisions all experts in their field. About John Crane John Crane is a global leader in rotating equipment solutions supplying engineered technologies and services to process industries. The company designs and manufactures a variety of products including mechanical seals and systems couplings filtration systems and digital diagnostics technologies. John Crane customer service is accessed through a global network of more than 200 sales and service facilities in over 50 countries. Global reported revenue for fiscal year 2021 was in excess of $1 billion USD. John Crane is part of Smiths Group a global leader in applying advanced technologies for markets in threat and contraband detection energy medical devices communications and engineered components.
applications engineer,SUMMARY OF POSITION: This position is responsible for researching improvement of practices and procedures of repairs and replacement parts they relate to design and manufacturing of untried types of tank cars and hopper cars as well as like enhancements to existing tank cars and hopper cars and related components while meeting manufacturing repair customer and regulatory demands; for assistance in providing preliminary material and process study and recommendations for these types of cars and components and fulfilling the engineering requirements of special projects as required. He/she ensures that all proposed materials processes and designs are technically sound before marketing and provides technical expertise for UTLX.  SKILLS/SPECIFICATIONS: Ability to operate a computer and have knowledge and ability to be fluent in the use of word processing communication spreadsheet and database programs. Communication skills (hearing and speech) to answer the telephone in a clear and understandable manner. Organizational skills to instruct the assistant to establish and maintain an extensive file and library system. Willingness and ability to wear safety equipment such as but not limited to: Safety shoes safety glasses hard hat ear plugs and respirators. Ability to see and hear the visual and audio safety warnings in the plants. Willingness and ability to travel outside of the normal place of work via car train and/or airplane. Ability to climb to the top of and walk on tank cars without fear of heights. Ability to bend stretch and crawl to perform inspections in the plant. Bachelor's degree in Engineering  ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Ensures that existing manufacturing and repair methods standards and procedures are constantly reviewed improved and new or improved processes installed to reduce costs improve quality and provide superior efficiency. Ensures that complete and useful R&D engineering information is disseminated in a timely fashion to all internal customers with respect to new applications. Ensures that the company and the R&D Department are adequately represented in all industry trade and regulatory organizations which concern project engineering standards. Provides engineering services to all repair shops providing state-of-the-art equipment and continuous evaluation of production and repair processes and capabilities to ensure efficient operations. Identifies designs and conducts R&D projects which enhance UTLX market position especially through improvement of existing and commercialization of new designs on tank car parts and components. Provides R&D project engineering services to all repair shops providing process improvements to ensure efficiency in maintaining company owned leased tank car fleet. Participates in and actively supports Quality projects and activities and Responsible Care initiatives to ensure that the Company achieves its goals.  DISCLAIMER: Please note the duties listed are not set forth for purposes of limiting the assignment of work. They are not to be construed as a complete list of the many duties normally to be performed under a job title or those to be performed temporarily outside an employee's normal line of work. Duties responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
applications engineer,The Environmental Protection Group within the Environment Safety Health and Quality Directorate is looking for an Environmental Engineer. This role provides support for the implementation of specific environmental regulatory area(s). This role participates in detailed phases of work for major regulatory program(s) and with supervision provides guidance to the Laboratory support and research programs regarding environmental regulatory issues. Position Requirements Limited knowledge of federal state and local environmental regulations and methods of compliance with these regulations. This can include the Clean Air Act Clean Water Act Resource Conservation and Recovery Act radioactive waste regulations or other regulatory programs. Limited knowledge of environmental management systems the standards that apply to them and methods of documenting compliance with these standards. Knowledge of environmental science or engineering. Limited knowledge in project management plant operations and construction techniques and the interrelationships these activities have with environmental regulatory compliance issues. Skill in the interpretation of environmental data such as for environmental contamination corrective measures and reporting procedures. Limited knowledge in proactive identification of requirements for environmental compliance and compliance program planning. Skill in communication both orally and in writing. Knowledge of related disciplines e.g. environmental surveillance effluent monitoring and chemical toxicity is required. Skill in collecting environmental monitoring samples and in trending environmental data. Limited ability to work on multiple concurrent projects and to achieve desired goals on schedule and within budget. Limited ability to prioritize plan and deliver workflow in a time-sensitive environment while maintaining the ability to remain flexible and adjust to changing situations Ability to prepare for and respond to any emergency incident within and outside normal business hours including weekends and holidays. Ability to model Argonne’s Core Values: Impact Safety Respect Integrity and Teamwork. This description documents the general nature of work but is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all activities duties and responsibilities required of job incumbent. Consequently job incumbent may be required to perform other duties as assigned. The selected candidate can be hired at one of two levels. The requirements for each level are as follows: PT1 Level: Bachelor’s and 0+ years of experience or equivalent PT2 Level: Bachelor’s and 2+ years of experience or equivalent Job Family Professional Technical (PT) Job Profile Environmental Protection and Sustainability 1 Worker Type Regular Time Type Full time As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and in accordance with our core values of impact safety respect integrity and teamwork Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment Argonne encourages minorities women veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age ancestry citizenship status color disability gender gender identity gender expression genetic information marital status national origin pregnancy race religion sexual orientation veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Argonne employees and certain guest researchers and contractors are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department. All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment. Please note that all Argonne employees are required to be vaccinated against COVID-19. All successful applicants will be required to provide their COVID-19 vaccination verification as a condition of employment subject to limited legally recognized exemptions to COVID-19 vaccination.
applications engineer,Role Summary: Application Engineer within the Aftermarket Commercial Operations team located in Woodridge IL assigned to support Aftermarket customers in the Northeast region and to serve as a backup for the greater North American region. The product focus is Pump Seals & Seal Support Systems. The Application Engineer’s primary functions are to review customer requests for quote generate technical proposals review customer purchase order and job specifications generate engineering requirements for drawings and Bill of Material creation generate manufacturing requirements via the generation of sales order drafts facilitate the inspection and/or product failure analysis of returned products and to provide technical support to End User customers and Distribution Sales Partners. Flowserve Corporation is a multinational company and one of the largest suppliers of industrial and environmental machinery such as pumps valves end face mechanical seals automation and services to the power oil gas chemical and other industries. Flowserve offers competitive pay annual bonuses medical benefits on day 1 generous paid vacation time paid holidays pension plan 401(k) and many other excellent benefits. Responsibilities & Requirements: RESPONSIBILITIES Provide quotations for Seals and Systems at market level pricing in response to RFQ's in the requested customer time frame Interpret specifications and data sheets including special warranty delivery and payment terms requested by our customer Perform seal failure analysis including the generation of technical findings reports with recommendations. Interact effectively with customers without supervision Demonstrates acquired specialization in multiple products For all products identifies correct Flowserve solution to fulfill customer requirements Proactively seeks out maximizing financial drivers such as tracking costs expenses receivable and inventory to improve financial performance of the Corporation Drive a consistent offering to our customers preventing regionalization of our product offerings Engage with all level of management and sales to participate in pricing strategies Confirm the Sales Approval Process is followed for all firm bids and cost estimates are prepared and qualified by BU Drive and facilitate selective bidding as required based on current workloads and user locations Provide first level of troubleshooting REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor of Science Engineering degree or equivalent technical degree (minimum Associates Degree) with relevant experience. Excellent verbal and written communication Mechanical aptitude ability to utilize measuring equipment (i.e. dial calipers micrometers etc.) ability to utilize basic tools for inspection Ability to organize and prioritize responsibilities in a self-directed environment Proficient in Microsoft Office and ability to adapt to new programs/software Able to identify problems and utilize advanced problem-solving and troubleshooting skills to reach appropriate solution Basic project management tools and methods Strong work ethic with positive attitude Ability to work in an office environment. Primary Posting Location: Woodridge Illinois US Preferred Experience / Skills: Job Advertising Title: Applications Engineer Job Posting Category: Engineering/R&D Employment Type: Full time Country: United States Auto req ID: 56665BR Flowserve is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race gender disability or protected veteran status. Click here to learn more. Flowserve will also not discriminate against an applicant or employee for inquiring about discussing or disclosing their pay or in certain circumstances the pay of their co-workers Click here to learn more. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access www.flowserve.jobs as result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by sending an e-mail to employment@flowserve.com. In order to quickly respond to your request please use the words "Accommodation Request" as your subject line of your email. For more information read the Accessibility Process.
applications engineer,In the competitive world of electronic trading we use quantitative techniques and advanced technology to identify profitable trading opportunities around the globe. Old Mission has related trading entities that operate out of the United States (Chicago New York London and Singapore). Our organization is made up of individuals seeking to be part of a team that is constantly striving for improvement and never content with the status quo. Management is committed to the development of our team members and making sure they feel challenged and engaged in the company's growth. The culture at Old Mission is hard-working but relaxed. We all enjoy what we are doing so it doesn't really seem like work. Most Old Mission employees have math or engineering backgrounds. We all enjoy building things tinkering making things better and in general working on hard problems. We are always looking for like-minded individuals to join our team. In this Role – Our development program is geared for college graduates who want to work alongside our talented software engineers creating impactful solutions to further the firm's market initiatives. Responsibilities include developing and supporting C++ based trading applications and tools. You will be given immediate responsibilities which will significantly contribute to the firm's daily activities. In this role you'll have the opportunity to learn more about creative programming and the tools needed to support electronic trading. If you are looking to have an immediate contribution and would like to be part of building out our business feel free to apply today! What you'll need – An undergraduate or an advanced degree in a quantitative field such as Computer Science Engineering or one of the hard sciences Minimum 3.0 GPA A quantitative major Knowledge of C++ and Python SQL JavaScript React Understanding of systems programming data structures and algorithms Familiarity working in a Linux environment Strong analytical and problem solving skills Great communication skills both written and verbal A strong work ethic and ability to adapt quickly in a fast-paced environment Perks – Sharp motivated co-workers in a fast-paced office environment Competitive Salary Discretionary bonus Top tier Medical Dental Vision Disability and Life Insurance paid for by the firm 401(k) with employer match Full stocked kitchen free breakfast and lunch everyday on-site Tuition reimbursement Flexible Spending Plan Commuter Benefit Program Old Mission is not accepting unsolicited resumes from any staffing/search firms. All resumes submitted by staffing/search firms to any employee at Old Mission via-email the Internet or directly without a valid signed search agreement will be deemed the sole property of Old Mission and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Old Mission.
applications engineer,Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Mountain View CA USA; Austin TX USA; Chicago IL USA. Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience 5 years of experience in technical sales or technical work Experience with software as a service and web technologies Ability to speak and write in English fluently  Preferred qualifications: 5 years of experience in sales engineering/technical consultancy Experience architecting cloud based analytics systems and supporting deployment of device management collaboration and/or other end user computing solutions Experience managing Google Workspace or similar in a mixed environment Knowledge of web and related technologies (e.g. HTTP Basic/NTLM cookies/sessions XML/HTML) including knowledge of web application development integration and session management Knowledge of email security (DMARC SPF DKIM) Understanding of Google for Education products with knowledge of implementing them in an education environment About the job As a Solutions Engineer for Google for Education focused on Higher Education you will be responsible for scaling our growing education business with focus on our different Google Workspace for Education editions. You will work closely with various teams in Google to analyze and identify opportunities and will lead or support specific initiatives to make changes happen.  Responsibilities Identify customer business requirements create and develop solutions which address customer requirements and bring Google’s innovation into their school infrastructures. Promote Google Workspace for Education editions Chromebooks and other Google technologies in both customer-facing meetings or public events. Work closely with our Product Support Engineering and Sales teams to stay up-to-date on industry trends and devise enhancements for Google for Education products. Prepare and present demonstrations of Google products and address technical questions that arise throughout the business process. Own technical aspects of solutions to include activities such as product and solution briefings partner training proof-of-concept work and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race color ancestry religion sex national origin sexual orientation age citizenship marital status disability gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form.
software project manager,Software Project Manager (Should be from Automobile background) Location – Lisle IL (Day 1 Onsite)  JD Electronics and software background preferred. Expertise in cost control management project reporting vendor management with budgeting experience process improvements automation and forecasting. Program management skills Good communication Able to understand and communicate the software systems process and status Automotive domain would be an advantage Knows product development and validation process Knowledge of Hardware/Software integration activities across multiple component or system development teams Critical thinking and problem-solving skills in providing sound decisions and innovative solutions on high-impact complex problems to drive successful outcomes. Effectiveness in building positive and long-term partnerships with clients vendors cross-functional teams management and other professionals of all levels.
software project manager,As a member of our Project Execution team you'll draw on your strengths managing people and processes to manage technology projects that typically span multiple lines of business and have firm-wide implications. You'll lead these projects from initiation through implementation including: establishing project requirements priorities and deadlines; ensuring that relevant risk and architecture requirements are in place; and managing the project budget and resources. In addition to collaborating with your teammates you'll communicate with stakeholders across the firm to work toward the best possible outcomes. While this role is rooted in project management it's a terrific opportunity to develop your leadership skills and make lasting connections throughout JPMorgan Chase & Co.  This role requires a wide range of strengths and capabilities including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Proficiency in one or more business disciplines or functions Experience project managing multiple projects Knowledge of global and line of business project management standards and methods Ability to collaborate with high-performing teams and individuals throughout the firm to accomplish common goals JPMorgan Chase & Co. one of the oldest financial institutions offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking consumer and small business banking commercial banking financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute including race religion color national origin gender sexual orientation gender identity gender expression age marital or veteran status pregnancy or disability or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. The health and safety of our colleagues candidates clients and communities has been a top priority in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. JPMorgan Chase was awarded the "WELL Health-Safety Rating" for all of our 6200 locations globally based on our operational policies maintenance protocols stakeholder engagement and emergency plans to address a post-COVID-19 environment. As a part of our commitment to health and safety we have implemented various COVID-related health and safety requirements for our workforce. Employees are expected to follow the Firm's current COVID-19 or other infectious disease health and safety requirements including local requirements. Requirements include sharing information including your vaccine card in the firm's vaccine record tool and may include mask wearing. Requirements may change in the future with the evolving public health landscape. JPMorgan Chase will consider accommodation requests as required by applicable law. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
software project manager,locations Chicago Denver San Francisco McLean San Jose View All 7 Locations time type Full time posted on Posted 6 Days Ago job requisition id R128289 Our Company  Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images videos and apps and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.  We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization and we know the next big idea could be yours!  Our Company Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images videos and apps and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen. We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization and we know the next big idea could be yours! The challenge The Senior Project Manager leads client-facing initiatives that drive Adobe Marketing Cloud solution implementation. Working at multiple levels with the Adobe Global Services and Field Sales team (as well as with a variety of key customers and Partners) this strategic role manages all aspects of project planning – from project scope/definition project planning timeline measurement and resource allocation. This role collaborates closely with the Adobe Delivery team in management of the hands-on technical implementation process. The Senior Project Manager has direct impact on the revenue generated with Adobe customers – and will collaborate as needed to maintain as positive a Customer Experience as possible. A critical component to this role is the ability to multi-task maintain proactive as well as efficient communication and escalate critical issues as well as provide answers to Adobe Customers. What you’ll do Work with customer(s) as well as Adobe Field and Services Sales teams to clearly define and document project scope requirements and integration points as they relate to solution implementation. Oversee project Delivery process with key contributors to help manage scope and prepare change requests - including tasks deliverables milestones resources and estimated costs. Act as primary point of contact for the client(s) throughout the project life-cycle. Achieve customer satisfaction through successful delivery of defined project scope. Coordinate/communicate escalations across Adobe – which includes Field Sales Services and Product teams. Manage administrative portions of project delivery from inception to closure. Collaborate with third-party subcontractors Vendors and technology Partners as needed. Capture and communicate experiences in formal post-mortem - relaying best practices customer experience and resource feedback to the larger Adobe Consulting Practice. Coordinate escalations across Adobe including sales services and product organizations. Accurately forecast revenue profitability margins bill rates and utilization across projects. Identifies partnership opportunities and capitalizes on “add-on” sales opportunities across projects. What you need to succeed Minimum 3 – 4 years of prior experience in a client-facing Project Management role ideally within the Digital Marketing Cloud space required. This includes knowledge of Web Content Management Rich internet applications Web & Social Analytics online Ad Targeting and content Personalization solutions. 5 – 8 years of proven success in a software-based PM role strongly preferred. Prior experience as a Project Manager within a Saas environment is required. Proven ability to understand the impact of technical changes and to articulate high level technical solutions to address business problems. Excellent problem-solving skills with a demonstrated ability to identify issues resolve them quickly and know when to rely on internal resources to assist. An innovative thinker collaborative business partner who is well-organized and detailed with strong presentation and reporting skills is recommended. Professional demeanor ability to interact with and lead diverse teams throughout Adobe and communicating with client managers directors and VPs including CMOs and CXOs. Strong verbal presentation and written communication skills as well as strong conflict resolution and negotiation skills. Solid understanding of custom software development processes and engagement methodologies. Practical experience in managing agile development projects a plus. Ability to manage in an environment of ambiguity with diverse stakeholders. Ability to build strong relationships and generate opportunities for repeat business. Willingness to travel up to 60%. BS/BA Degree or equivalent experience. Highly Desired Experience as Consulting Manager in a large consulting organization or Agency. Experience managing Agile development projects. Prior experience with Adobe Digital Marketing Solutions. Prior experience with Financial Force. Proven experience managing off-shore teams. Certified ScrumMaster PMP Certification Pursuant to the Colorado Fair Pay Act below is a summary of compensation elements for this role at the company if based in Colorado. Colorado Starting Salary: $122800 - $159500 At Adobe for sales roles starting salaries are expressed as total target compensation (TTC = base + commission) and short-term incentives are in the form of sales commission plans. Non-sales roles starting salaries are expressed as base salary and short-term incentives are in the form of the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP). In addition certain roles may be eligible for long-term incentives in the form of a new hire equity award.
software project manager,Software PM Lisle IL Software Project Manager Electronics and software background preferred. Expertise in cost control management project reporting vendor management with budgeting experience process improvements automation and forecasting. Program management skills Good communication Able to understand and communicate the software systems process and status Automotive domain would be an advantage Knows product development and validation process Knowledge of Hardware/Software integration activities across multiple component or system development teams Critical thinking and problem-solving skills in providing sound decisions and innovative solutions on high-impact complex problems to drive successful outcomes. Effectiveness in building positive and long-term partnerships with clients vendors cross-functional teams management and other professionals of all levels. Job Type: Contract Pay: $50.00 - $55.00 per hour Schedule: 8 hour shift Ability to commute/relocate: Lisle IL: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required) Experience: Project manager: 5 years (Preferred) integration: 4 years (Preferred) Cost management: 5 years (Preferred) automotive: 4 years (Preferred) Product development: 5 years (Preferred) Work Location: One location
software project manager,Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience managing extended workforce workflows or managing a vendor operation including experience with vendor reporting and statements of work. Experience working cross-functionally and interacting across all organizational levels Experience with project management and operations  Preferred qualifications: Ability to manage and organize programmatic milestones and improve key performance measures and/or experience in a StratOps function. Ability to independently and quickly build expertise in new workflows. Excellent communication and organizational skills. About the job The Legal Investigations Support (LIS) team manages requests for user data received from Government agencies courts and parties in civil litigation. LIS manages a high-volume of these legal requests processing them through internal tools based on complex internal policy and workflows. LIS aims to strike the best balance between competing forces like legal compliance Google’s values and policies and users' rights and freedoms in order to improve the law reduce risk and keep Google running. As a Partner Strategy Operations (PSO) Program Manager for Domestic Criminal your mission is to hold vendors and partners accountable for meeting operational targets through governance and metrics refinement ensuring Google remains an effective data custodian in outsourced compliance workflows. When operational problems arise with our vendors and partners you will drive and support solutions to address those problems. Responsibilities Drive operational excellence in vendor and partner management for the Domestic Criminal silo including metrics improvement process efficiency supplier diversity external workforce strategy agent quality and overall value across the operation. Manage external initiatives and partner closely with the PSO Lead. Accountable to overall performance of the external workforce operation; work with Operations Managers to define quarterly goals for our vendor and partner operations; lead partners through critical changes. Support regular business reviews and audits with vendor partners and Legal stakeholders; process improvement recurring reporting from partners; ensure quality across partner operations. Be well-versed in policies and procedures for workflows. Deploy robust program management when tracking existing external workforce workflows or launching new ones creating project trackers drive accountability and clarity across the PSO program. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race color ancestry religion sex national origin sexual orientation age citizenship marital status disability gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form.
software project manager,Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago provides superior pediatric care in a setting that offers the latest benefits and innovations in medical technology research and family-friendly design. As the largest pediatric provider in the region with a 140-year legacy of excellence kids and their families are at the center of all we do. Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago is ranked in all 10 specialties by the U.S. News & World Report. Location 680 Lake Shore Drive Job Description Position Summary The Senior IM Project Manager (Research IT) is responsible for the collaborative leadership of assigned technology focused projects involving interdisciplinary teams. This position will lead projects with heavy IT technology or services involvement in the realm of research. As such familiarity with leading IT technologies and vendor management will be foundational to success. Essential Job Functions: Responsible for overall project management of assigned projects from initiation through final completion and transition for sustainability of outcomes as directed by IM PMO leadership. Collaborate closely with operational process owners to develop and refine project plans to effectively achieve the desired outcomes including budgetary needs. Maintain accurate project plans to ensure timely completion of activities as designed modifying with collaboration of project leadership timelines and expectations to ensure successful outcomes. Develops executes and manages detailed project/work plans schedules project estimates for resource requirements and status reports. Manages activities of project staff and acts as central coordinator of project communication. Builds and maintains a strong partnership and cohesive support with the entire hospital community. The Project Manager will interface regularly with Directors Senior Directors and Vice Presidents. Manages integration of vendor tasks; tracks and reviews vendor deliverables.  Knowledge Skills and Abilities: Bachelor’s degree required. Project Management certification preferred 5-7 years experience in large scale enterprise complex technology related project management and system implementation and/or managing healthcare IT projects required. Experience with Epic application or other healthcare technology vendor/partner project management a plus. 5-7 years experience and knowledge of healthcare IT technologies Excellent project management organizational skills and developing change management skills. Able to organize and manage a project from initiation to implementation. Effective communication conflict resolution and problem resolution skills including facilitation of groups presenting to groups at all levels assisting others to present effectively. Effective listening skills to understand various perspectives and ability to synthesize findings to achieve results. Excellent analytical and process/systems thinking skills; excellent problem-solving skills. Education Bachelor's Degree: Business Administration/Management (Required) Benefit Statement For full time and part time employees who work 20 or more hours per week we offer a generous benefits package that includes: Medical dental and vision insurance Employer paid group term life and disability Employer contribution toward Health Savings Account Flexible Spending Accounts Paid Time Off (PTO) Paid Holidays and Paid Parental Leave 403(b) with a 5% employer match Various voluntary benefits: Supplemental Life AD&D and Disability Critical Illness Accident and Hospital Indemnity coverage Tuition assistance Student loan servicing and support Adoption benefits Backup Childcare and Eldercare Employee Assistance Program and other specialized behavioral health services and resources for employees and family members Discount on services at Lurie Children’s facilities Discount purchasing program Lurie Children’s and its affiliates are equal employment opportunity employers. We value diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color sex sexual orientation gender identity or expression religion national origin ancestry age disability marital status pregnancy protected veteran status order of protection status protected genetic information or any other characteristic protected by law. Support email: candidatesupport@luriechildrens.org
software project manager,Position Overview: The Navistar Procurement Digital Innovation group is seeking a Digital Innovation Procurement Program Manager.  The successful candidate will be responsible for coordinating business activities relating to multiple Procurement business system implementations in an agile project management environment. The candidate will work alongside IT and cross-functional business SME resources and teammates to meet project metrics and goals. Will direct professionals directly or through supervisors and will engage both internal and external teams to support and facilitate projects as necessary. This role will represent Procurement on various cross functional calls in support of the above. The candidate will develop project plans while considering resource and operational challenges adapting plans when necessary and escalating when appropriate. This role ensures required documentation for Navistar Procurement IT projects are completed by resources and archived with fidelity.  The Digital Innovation Procurement Program Manager will ensure new Procurement IT Business System projects are on time and on budget. This role reports key milestones to the organization including senior leadership.  This role facilitates and manages development timelines and cross functional communication in support of on time launches for multiple projects. This is a highly visible very challenging and rewarding position in a supportive fast-paced environment.  Responsibilities include: Quick in-depth learning of Navistar Procurement business systems and Navistar business processes Build and manage relationships with end users cross-functional teams vendors and management Anticipate potential problems be proactive and manage changes to ensure projects are on time and within budget Must be a skilled Problem-solver who follows through on implementation Manage tight deadlines in a high volume fast paced environment Interact with vendors and cross functional teams to ensure timing & quality expectations of the program are met Open and frequent communication on program status to cross functional and procurement leadership teams Guide project resources Involve the right internal and external resources to move project forward Minimum Requirements: Bachelor’s degree At least 8 years business process improvement lean or six sigma experience At least 1 year of lead experience OR Master’s degree At least 6 years of business process improvement lean or six sigma experience At least 1 year of lead experience OR At least 10 years of business process improvement lean or six sigma experience At least 1 year of lead experience Additional Requirements: Qualified candidates excluding current Navistar employees must be legally authorized on an unrestricted basis (US Citizen Legal Permanent Resident Refugee or Asylee) to be employed in the United States. Navistar does not anticipate providing employment related work sponsorship for this position (e.g. H-1B status) Desired Skills: Expert MS Excel skills Strong MS PowerPoint Word Teams MS 365.com Power Automate Ability to manage simultaneous projects Ability to make presentations to senior leadership and large audiences remotely and in person Cooperative self- motivated teammate with end-user orientation Proven time management and organizational skills Strong communication skills both written and oral Growth-oriented professional Company Overview: Navistar is a purpose-driven company reimagining how to deliver what matters to create more cohesive relationships build higher-performing teams and find solutions where others don't.  Navistar is the Lisle Illinois-based parent company of International® brand commercial trucks and engines IC Bus® brand school and commercial buses all-makes OnCommand® Connection advanced connectivity services aftermarket parts brands Fleetrite® ReNEWed® and Diamond Advantage® and Brazilian manufacturer of engines and gensets MWM Motores Diesel e Geradores.  With a history of innovation dating back to 1831 Navistar has more than 12000 employees worldwide and is part of TRATON SE a global champion of the truck and transport services industry. Accelerating the Impact of Sustainable Mobility: Visit us at www.Navistar.com to discover more about our organization  Navistar is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability veteran status and other legally protected characteristics.  #ridewithnavistar
software project manager,As Enterprise Project Manager without considerable direction manages multiple projects in support of Argonne’s programmatic operational experimental and research equipment functions including projects that impact areas the user facilities and programmatic directorates at Argonne. Projects will include implementation of equipment experimental and research needs commissioning of system enhancements new methods programs systems and infrastructure improvements related to the operation of research driven needs at Argonne. This role uses knowledge and experience to plan and direct multiple projects from initiation through delivery under the direction of the Project Management Organization (PMO) Enterprise Projects Program Manager and in coordination with the PMO Division Director. The role will require collaboration with institutional stakeholders and matrixed work within other departments. The project manager must be able to work with a diverse set of stakeholders to plan and implement projects that help achieve the laboratory’s strategic goals. This requires developing creative solutions to complex problems. Responsible for developing implementing and delivering projects of various scales including facilitation and interactions with broad and diverse organizational resources. Provides single point accountability for project delivery and often includes interactions with technical subject matter experts licensed engineers and project managers with external certifications. Refines project scope evaluates functional and operational requirements design testing and activation of deliverables or implementation of business processes. Develops resource-loaded time-phased logic driven project schedules using software tools preparing project documentation participating in reviews; preparing reviewing and/or directing the preparation of status reports and other documentation; implementing change control processes and analyzing performance metrics to ensure successful completion of project objectives. In some instances this will be additionally supported by internal Project Controls staff. Responsible for maintaining effective communication with clients contractors and other project team members. Achieves greater results by working together across boundaries actively sharing information and promoting a sense that we are all on the same team. Establishes courses of action for self and others to ensure that work is completed efficiently. Actively participates as team member to move the team toward the completion of goals; facilitating goal accomplishment; listening to and fully involving others in team decisions and actions; valuing and using individual differences and talents; sharing important or relevant information with the team. This job description documents the general nature of work but is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all activities duties and responsibilities required of job incumbent. Consequently job incumbent may be required to perform other duties as assigned. Position Requirements Bachelor’s Degree and 10+ years of related experience or equivalent. PMP certification preferred Experience with project reporting and project management using the ServiceNow platform strongly preferred Demonstrated and/or documented previous expertise in project management of a commensurate scope. Ability to create develop and execute project plans. Demonstrated experience in problem solving. Experience with word processing spreadsheets derived from databases and graphic presentation development. Knowledge and experience in interpretation and application of project management theories principles and computerized performance measurement systems for scope schedule cost and risk. Ability to establish project scopes project specifications schedules cost estimates and managing operational efforts. Ability to think analytically and have strong attention to detail. Skill in negotiation and the ability to achieve designated project goals within a complex environment. Some experience with Earned Value Methodology and financial system processes related to project management preferred. Knowledge of and experience with DOE project management system requirements and practices. Working knowledge of DOE user facilities and experience operating in the DOE research program environment Experience with projects involving infrastructure upgrades commissioning of new systems and the replacement of existing operational systems and equipment is preferred Some knowledge of computerized performance measurement systems for schedule and performance metrics. Excellent communications written and oral skills. Skilled in developing cultivating and maintaining internal and external working relationships. Organizational skills and ability to multitask and prioritize in a fast-paced heavily matrixed environment. Ability to work on multiple concurrent projects and to achieve desired goals on schedule and within budget. Ability to model Argonne’s Core Values: Impact Safety Respect Integrity and Teamwork. Job Family Professional Technical (PT) Job Profile Project Management and Planning 4 Worker Type Regular Time Type Full time As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and in accordance with our core values of impact safety respect integrity and teamwork Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment Argonne encourages minorities women veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age ancestry citizenship status color disability gender gender identity gender expression genetic information marital status national origin pregnancy race religion sexual orientation veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Argonne employees and certain guest researchers and contractors are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department. All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment. Please note that all Argonne employees are required to be vaccinated against COVID-19. All successful applicants will be required to provide their COVID-19 vaccination verification as a condition of employment subject to limited legally recognized exemptions to COVID-19 vaccination.
software project manager,Company Description  McDonald’s is proud to be one of the most recognized brands in the world with restaurants in over 100 countries that serve 70 million customers daily. As the global leader in the food service industry our legacy of innovation and hard work continues to drive us. From drive thru updates to delivery to mobile order and pay we are innovating quickly and growing. Joining McDonald's means thinking big and preparing for a career that can have influence around the world. At McDonald’s we see every day as a chance to create positive impact. We lead through our values centered on inclusivity service integrity community and family. From support of Ronald McDonald House Charities to our Youth Opportunity project and sustainability initiatives our values keep us dedicated to using our scale for good: good for our customers people industry and planet. We also offer a broad range of outstanding benefits including a sabbatical program tuition assistance and flexible work arrangements - check them out here! We are enjoying the flexibility of a hybrid work model in which employees spend part of their week connecting with co-workers in our state-of-the-art headquarters. Located in the booming West Loop of downtown Chicago it's set up to be a global hub that cultivates collaboration: Take a class at Hamburger University Sample future items in our Test Kitchen Utilize the latest technology to connect with your team around the globe We are an equal opportunity employer committed to the diversity of our crew members staff operators and suppliers. We promote an inclusive work environment that creates feel-good moments for everyone. We are interested in people who enhance our company culture: Does this role interest you? We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet every single requirement!  Job Description  We are the US Technology Team. We are a tight-knit forward-thinking team of technologists that puts McDonald's solutions in the hands of customers and crew. Our technology powers 30+ million orders every single day – serving almost 10% of the US population daily! We are passionate leaders who use technology to create a better and more innovative McDonald’s. We are technical and functional experts that are accountable to ensure that features are developed and delivered with high quality and meet U.S. business needs and expectations. Job Description: We are looking for a self-starting teammate to join the POS and Kiosk Release Management team. This individual should be trained and/or certified in Agile and has been applying their agile takeaways for more than one year. This position also entails combining Project Management practices with Agile standard methodologies to ensure an effective and efficient Software Development Life Cycle. The POS & Kiosk Project Manager Role is a cross functional position responsible for overseeing the POS and Kiosk software from the Requirements gathering phase thru Production deployment. This individual will have the responsibility of supervising and motivating project groups working in an agile environment to enable them to complete assigned tasks in a timely manner and deliver high-end quality solutions. Responsibilities: Planning scheduling coordinating and handling all aspects of POS & Kiosk software releases Creation of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) by release/phase Assist in defining Software Quality Service Level Agreements (SLAs) Present project plans and timelines to partners and leadership committees Define Entrance & Exit/Success criteria for all phases of Development & Testing Work with Operations/Field teams to understand business needs and their best practices Maintain Project status reporting Compile historical data to confirm current team performance & forecast upcoming efforts Lead Daily/Weekly Project status review sessions Conduct new feature training/demonstration sessions for key stakeholders Work with Pilot team to plan Field Testing efforts Conduct Release/Build retrospectives to assist in the development and implementation of Shift Left Methodologies Identification/removal of roadblocks that could negatively impact the Software Development Life Cycle efforts Promote team empowerment by ensuring that each team member is fully engaged in the project with significant contributions/outcomes.  Qualifications  Minimum Requirements: Must have received or be willing to receive the COVID-19 vaccination by date of hire to be considered. Proof of vaccination required. 5+ years of Project Management experience 1 year of Agile Project Management experience Quick Service Restaurant (QSR) Point of Sales (POS) experience (Preferable) Strong collaborative skills and ability to adapt their means of communication for both written and oral and engage in active listening Ability to lead and collaborate with a diverse work group Proficient in Project Management /Tracking via MS Project & SmartSheet Shown ability to effectively self-direct manage and prioritize multiple projects/issues with a high degree of complexity in a fast paced and ever-changing environment Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite; including Word Excel PowerPoint Publisher and Teams Ability to manage time effectively Ability to solicit and communicate business expectations and build strong client and stakeholder relationships Demonstrate ability to communicate complex concepts to our Business Partners and Leadership teams  Additional Information  McDonald’s is committed to providing qualified individuals with disabilities reasonable accommodations to perform the essential functions of their jobs. Additionally if you (or another applicant of whom you are aware) require assistance accessing or reading this job posting or otherwise seek assistance in the application process please contact recruiting.supportteam@us.mcd.com McDonald’s provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to sex sex stereotyping pregnancy (including pregnancy childbirth and medical conditions related to pregnancy childbirth or breastfeeding) race color religion ancestry or national origin age disability status medical condition marital status sexual orientation gender gender identity gender expression transgender status protected military or veteran status citizenship status genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment including recruiting hiring placement promotion termination layoff recall transfer leaves of absence compensation and training. Nothing in this job posting or description should be construed as an offer or guarantee of employment.
software project manager,When you’re the best we’re the best. We instill an environment where employees feel engaged satisfied and able to contribute their unique skills and talents. We provide extensive opportunities for personal and professional development building both employee competence and organizational capability to fuel exceptional performance now and in the future. Summary: In this role you will support team members in the management of projects and will complete assigned tasks at request of team members. Effectively collaborates to drive participation of the project team. Supports projects that are clearly defined in scope following defined processes; shadows team members to learn and increase exposure to project management processes and tools. Maintains awareness of project or portfolio governance. Provides administrative support to project managers and project leaders including communicating project expectations updates and potential risks to team members and stakeholders. Provides support to other projects such as tracking and updating budgets as requested. May have financial reconciliation responsibilities. Responsibilities: Serves as project manager for low risk low complexity software development projects. Ensures risk management and procedural compliance of projects. Partners with stakeholders to ensure accuracy of project deliverables and timelines. Produces quality deliverables within deadlines. Reports status of assigned work effort. Identifies and escalates issues for resolution. Ensures project processes and procedures are followed. Meets training requirements and follows established procedures. Receives mentoring on PM practices and methodology from others. Maintains and communicates team milestones including release dates. Maintains and communicates team commitments and deliverables. Qualifications: Relevant degree required. Minimum 1 year experience / training in the project management field. Estimated Hiring Range: $51900.00 - $75150.00 This position is also incentive eligible. Vizient has a comprehensive benefits plan! Please view our benefits here: http://www.vizientinc.com/about-us/careers Equal Opportunity Employer: Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The Company is committed to equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race religion color gender identity ethnicity age national origin sexual orientation disability status veteran status or any other category protected by applicable law.
software project manager,Job Description: The IT Project Manager is responsible for organizing leading and managing an assigned set of projects with the goal of completing them timely and within budget deliver specified requirements and meet client satisfaction. This position will manage the direction and efforts of the project team. This position reports to the Senior Manager Project. A career at Nixon Peabody is the opportunity to do work that matters. It’s the chance to use your knowledge to shape what’s ahead. To share to innovate to learn at a firm that taps the power of collective thinking. We’ve created a dynamic energizing environment that promotes success for our clients and each other. We offer fast growth connectedness and training in business as well as law. And our rigorous standards assure you are part of a diverse team of top talent at every turn. At Nixon Peabody our priority is to attract retain and promote talented individuals who have an array of racial ethnic social economic religious professional personal and other backgrounds. Therefore we encourage talented individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences to apply. If you’re someone who’s looking toward the future we’d love to hear from you. Location: Boston MA; Chicago IL; Los Angeles CA; New York City NY; Rochester NY; San Francisco CA; Washington DC Responsibilities: Manage an assigned set of IT projects. This includes leading directing assigning tasks reporting budgeting and issue/risk mitigation. Ensure projects are well-organized run smoothly and that all team members and stakeholders are communicated to efficiently. Ensure that the team has the tools they need to execute projects. Ensure all assigned project requirements and objectives are correctly gathered understood and properly documented prior to project startup. Create project schedules with milestones due dates and estimates for those materials that are required and other resources such as team members. Document each phase of the project as well as make summary reports that will be presented to the management teams. Coordinate with team members who have project issues to document and obtain resolution of the issues. Monitor morale of project team members and foster a strong supportive working team. Evaluate potential problems and develop solutions. Adhere to project budget by monitoring expenses and implementing cost-saving measures. Consider and discuss implications around information security within a project. Lead and coordinate risk assessment activities related to IT projects. Monitor contracts. This includes review and approval of payment requests and change orders maintaining regular communications with service provider and/or vendors involved in the project. Create or assemble documentation for the project including operations and maintenance. Perform other duties as assigned. Job Requirements: 3-5 years of progressive experience as a project manager with a focus on IT projects. Must have a current certification or be in the process of obtaining a certification in Project Management from an approved source (PMP six Sigma etc). Bachelor’s Degree required. Experience in lieu of a degree will be considered. Technical planning of IT projects with the ability to delegate tasks. Knowledge and experience in cross-functional project management methods and techniques. Advanced knowledge of the Firm’s IT applications processes software and equipment. Excellent organization and communication skills both verbal and written. Demonstrated ability working with groups to build consensus. Ability to create and implement new work processes. Goal oriented and action-focused with the ability to take pro-active or corrective action as necessary within established guidelines. Synthesize project information and establish the appropriate scope of a project. Work is generally performed remotely with standard office IT/communication tools and with no exposure to hazardous conditions caused by noise dust or other factors. Travel to project sites may be required. Work outside of traditional work week schedule (i.e. late nights early mornings and/or weekends) may be required. Nixon Peabody LLP is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer: Disability / Female / Gender Identity / Minority / Sexual Orientation / Veteran. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. To comply with Federal law Nixon Peabody participates in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are verified through this electronic system established by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Social Security Administration (SSA) to confirm their identity and employment eligibility. Please refer to the Notice of E-Verify Participation and the Right to Work posters on the Nixon Peabody Careers page for more information. Job Type: Full-time Schedule: Monday to Friday Work Location: One location
software project manager,We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world — come find yours. Customer Strategy & Innovation One of United’s newest departments Customer Strategy & Innovation handles premium services ground experience program management customer analytics and insights customer service innovation and more. Job overview and responsibilities The Enterprise PMO serves teams across United Airlines. The Project Manager is a trained qualified professional who can apply United's Envision Design Build Activate (EDBA) framework and Program Management Life Cycle (PMLC) methodology to various businesses. This will enable teams to deliver assigned portfolios programs and projects with high quality in a timely manner and with as-scoped benefits for our customers frontline employees and supporting groups. Effective execution in this role is critical to achieving United's goal of leveraging portfolio management & project delivery capabilities as a strategic enabler on every project with every team and every day. The Project Manager - PMO will deliver large/complex project(s) as assigned and serve as a change agent driving adoption of PMLC across the organization. Lead and manage projects as assigned. Projects will be focused on both corporate and/or operational functions Directly deliver high quality artifacts through all phases of the project lifecycle Coach guide train project team members and other PMs on project management principles and related artifacts and deliverables Strong interpersonal verbal and presentation skills Required Bachelor's degree 3+ years managing projects or demonstrated relevant experience Demonstrated successful project delivery using fundamentals of PMBOK practices/methodologies Successful and demonstrable experience in: Managing multiple large complex projects across functions Provide leadership guidance influence and mentoring for project teams Presenting escalating and providing solutions to senior leadership Proven expertise successfully managing business and technical resources under an integrated project plan to ensure the alignment of resources Demonstrated proficiency in facilitating delegating and motivating cross functional groups or activities Highly organized and the ability to multi-task competing priorities demands and timelines Provides input on strategic decisions to management as required Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without sponsorship Successful completion of interview required to meet job qualification Preferred Master's degree Demonstrated successful execution using SDLC PMLC DMAIC or DFSS methodology Project Management (PMI) Certification Lean Six Sigma certification   Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT
software project manager,Title: Junior Drupal Project Manager Responsibilities for this role: Partner with project sponsor and program manager to prioritize project goals and risks Anticipate identify and mitigate project risks Manage vendor relationship to ensure deliverables are on-time and quality assured Partner with program manager to develop and deliver strategic communications Provide day-to-day communication with website owners Identify and help resolve project issues in an efficient and timely manner Troubleshoot debug and log issues Manage a Jira backlog Facilitate weekly status and planning meetings Assign tasks to developers and designers – both in-house and external Produce and maintain a project schedule notes and documentation Skills and experience needed for the role: Large-scale project management experience with Drupal websites Agile project management experience Experience managing a Jira backlog as well as entering stories bugs and tasks Excellent organizational skills Strong communication skills and the ability to work with people of varying levels of technical understanding Experience partnering with designers and developers to build websites Experience testing or providing quality assurance for websites Strong preference: Experience as a business analyst working on technical projects Experience providing customer support Higher education experience
software project manager,Electronics and software background preferred. Expertise in cost control management project reporting vendor management with budgeting experience process improvements automation and forecasting. Program management skills Good communication Able to understand and communicate the software systems process and status Automotive domain would be an advantage Knows product development and validation process Knowledge of Hardware/Software integration activities across multiple component or system development teams Critical thinking and problem-solving skills in providing sound decisions and innovative solutions on high-impact complex problems to drive successful outcomes. Effectiveness in building positive and long-term partnerships with clients vendors cross-functional teams management and other professionals of all levels. Re3gQhzUrE
software project manager,WHAT IS BOX? Box is the market leader for Cloud Content Management. Our mission is to power how the world works together. Box is partnering with enterprise organizations to accelerate their digital transformation by creating a single platform for secure content management collaboration and workflow. We have an amazing opportunity to further establish ourselves as leaders in the space and we need strong advocates to help us achieve that goal. By joining Box you will have the unique opportunity to help capture a majority of this developing market and define what content management looks like for the digital enterprise. Today Box powers over 97000 businesses including 70% of the Fortune 500 who trust Box to manage their content in the cloud. WHY BOX NEEDS YOU We are looking for a Program Manager within our Diversity Equity Inclusion and Belonging team who can partner cross-functionally to deliver integrated solutions that support our DEI objectives across Box. As a trusted partner to the Head of Belonging you will be responsible for programming and operations support focused on the hiring thriving and belonging of a diverse and inclusive workforce. We are a small and nimble team within the People & Communities org. As a DEI PM we expect you to bring pragmatic approaches that help Box translate DEI best practices into readily consumable resources and programs aligned to business needs.   WHAT YOU'LL DO Partner directly with the Head of Belonging to weave DEI into the fabric of how Boxers work everyday Support the design and implementation of short-term and long-term DEI programs throughout the employee lifecycle working closely with cross-functional teams across Box Develop and maintain project plans lead communications and proactively identify project risks and opportunities as well as determine alternative ways to achieve project/program goals Partner with our data and analytics team to develop and analyze metrics for measuring progress against DEI strategy Establish strong relationships with key stakeholder groups (Boxers Leaders People Partners ERCs etc) to fully understand their experience and needs Work closely with our Employee Resource Communities to champion their mission amplify their voices and deepen their impact Apply industry benchmarks research and metrics to diagnose root cause issues and help determine "what good looks like" for Box WHO YOU ARE Required Skills: 4+ years of relevant work experience where you have honed the following: Project Management: Project management and organizational skills with a demonstrated ability to navigate in a fast-paced & performance-oriented environment Analytical skills: Able to distill data down to key insights that enable great decision-making Discretion & Confidentiality: Ability to exercise discretion judgment tact and poise in handling highly sensitive and confidential information Empathy: Ability to listen and help others feel heard understanding multiple points of views and being a vehicle for helping others understand and learn other views Excellent communication skills that translate into a hybrid environment Preferred Skills: Be well-versed on diversity and inclusion best and next practices trends research and insights. Experience using various sources of people metrics to diagnose opportunity areas and measure results  BENEFITS Visit this webpage to check out all of our exciting healthcare benefits: https://join.collectivehealth.com/box For all other benefits please check out: Box Benefits + Perks EQUAL OPPORTUNITY We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race religion color national origin gender sexual orientation age marital status veteran status disability and any other protected ground of discrimination under applicable human rights legislation. Box strives to respect the dignity and independence of people with disabilities and is committed to giving them the same opportunity to succeed as all other employees. Accommodations are available throughout the application process and an employee's employment at Box. HEALTH AND SAFETY To promote the health and safety of all Boxers and our communities in order to "Go to Work" at Box in the U.S. you must be Fully Vaccinated or have an approved accommodation. "Go(ing) to Work" at Box is defined as visiting a Box office facility or co-working site visiting or meeting in person with fellow Boxers Box clients and/or customers vendors or partners engaging in business travel and or participating in any Box-sponsored and/or related activity where others are present. If you are fully remote and do not "Go to Work" the vaccination requirement is not applicable. "Fully Vaccinated" means that an individual is at least two weeks past their final dose of an authorized COVID-19 vaccine regimen. If you are unable to get a vaccine due to a medical condition a sincerely-held religious belief or another legally recognized reason Box will consider requests for an accommodation. For details on how we protect your information when you apply please see our Personnel Privacy Notice. #LI-REMOTE #LI-LK1
software test engineer,This is a hybrid position. It requires 1x a week (Tuesdays) in our downtown Chicago office and four days remote. Who we are: Elevate K-12 is changing the way classrooms work through live online real-time instruction to K-12 schools. Our two main focuses are to give students the best quality instructors and get them ready for the world of the future and to give instructors especially women work opportunities irrespective of zip code. We are the new way to the classroom! What we offer: Competitive Salary Unlimited PTO & 12 Company Paid Holidays Strong High-Performance Based Culture with High Growth Potential Team Focused Culture – Team Events Outings Happy Hours & Recognition Full Benefits – Medical Dental & Vision / 401k Plan Our Team of Elevaters are: Problem Solvers Passionate Motivated Thirsty for Knowledge & Mission Driven The Job: The Performance Engineer is responsible for end-to-end performance test management which includes but is not limited to segments of the planning design and execution of performance tests. Is expected to provide professional and technical leadership for the group raise risks suggest mitigations and make decisions. What you will be doing: Analyzes systems requirements Develops test plans and test scripts Participates in QA Reviews Performs testing activities based upon test plans and scripts Independently write test cases/ test plan for new stories enhancements planned in release Creating and tracking bugs for all discovered defects in product Managing and maintaining of test plan during and after release testing Attend scrum meetings Have hands on experience on software testing of large and complex software systems Should Have the ability to perform research on the requirements customer bugs and incorporate these learning in testing  What you will need: Degree in Computer Science (or a related discipline) is preferred 2-5 years of experience in a systems quality environment Equivalent combination of education and work experience 2+ years of experience in automation & manual Hands on experience with selenium testing Be Part Of Our Story: Elevate K-12 is tasked with an important mission: change the way K-12 classrooms and teaching work. Our organization is a radically open-minded company that is scaling fast. We are a team focused on high performance dynamism and embodying a collaborative culture at all levels. Our teammates are able to have open honest discussions that drive us toward our mission. Elevate K-12 is in a stage of hyper-growth that will continue to open up new challenges and opportunities for our team. We are an equal employment opportunity employer. Qualified candidates are considered for employment without regard to race color religion gender (including gender identity gender expression change of sex and transgender status) sexual orientation national origin ancestry age military or veteran status physical or mental disability medical condition pregnancy marital status genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. If you need assistance or accommodation during the application process because of a disability it is available upon request.
software test engineer,Company Overview Motorola Solutions is there for our customers when everything is on the line. In extreme moments — when a hurricane lands or when a fire breaks out. And in everyday moments — when a package arrives just in time for the holiday or when a child doesn’t miss the school bus home. We unify voice data video and analytics in one integrated ecosystem to enable individuals businesses and communities to work together in more powerful ways. To help people make better decisions act confidently and be their best in the moments that matter. Bring your passion potential and talents to Motorola Solutions and connect with a career that matters.  Department Overview Come join us at Motorola Solutions as a member of the AI Data & Common Services Engineering Team in the city of Chicago! As a software engineer you will be a key member of our Common Services team responsible for building the next generation cloud products for our public safety customers around the world. Our products allow customers to respond effectively in mission-critical operating environments and we’re looking for world-class engineers interested in building software and systems that truly make a difference.  Job Description We are looking for developers who love challenges and have experience building complex web applications at scale. This person will work as a contributing member of an advanced software development team using modern software development techniques to produce world-class public safety cloud-based software solution. Responsibilities include: Design develop and maintain software applications following established standards procedures and specifications. Develop code and create unit and other automated testing solutions. Able to participate in group discussions by expressing thoughts and ideas clearly. Self-driven high energy highly innovative person with a positive attitude. Effectively collaborate with technical leaders in a multi-team environment. Demonstrate flexibility and resilience in the face of changing priorities and requirements. Qualifications : The ideal candidate will have at least some of the following skills and experience: BS degree in Computer Science IT Computer Engineering Software Engineering or related field. Good background in server-side web development preferably in C# Experience with unit test frameworks such as xUnit and Moq Experience with software technologies such as Docker Kubernetes and Git Experience with GIS and Mapping ESRI technologies is a plus. Experience with modern single page web app development using HTML5 JavaScript (AngularJS) or CSS Knowledge of client- and server-side web app performance scaling techniques; Be prepared to discuss application optimization experience on previous projects Experience defining and building Web (REST) APIs for internal and external usage Knowledge of both SQL and NoSQL data stores including the ability to choose the right one for the job Production application experience with public web applications; Ideally you should have some knowledge of (and/or experience with) public cloud technologies such as Microsoft Azure. Working knowledge of Linux and Windows Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Interested in working in a continuous deployment environment This role can be remote anywhere in the US.  Basic Requirements BS Degree in Computer Science IT Computer Engineering Software Engineering or related field with 1+ years of professional experience OR Master's degree in related field Vaccine Requirement Motorola Solutions has implemented a voluntary COVID-19 vaccination policy. We strongly encourage all employees to be fully vaccinated. Additionally certain local governments or Motorola Solutions' customers may have vaccine requirements that apply to some of our employees. These employees are required to submit proof of vaccination to Motorola Solutions and maintain compliance with these requirements.  Travel Requirements None  Relocation Provided None  Position Type Experienced  Referral Payment Plan Yes Our U.S. Benefits include: Incentive Bonus Plans Medical Dental Vision benefits effective Day 1 401K with Company Match and Day 1 vesting 9 Paid Holidays Generous Paid Time Off Packages Employee Stock Purchase Plan Paid Parental & Family Leave and more!  EEO Statement Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability veteran's status or any other protected characteristic.
software test engineer,Position Summary. We are currently seeking a self-motivated creative and talented Junior Software Engineer (Test) who will thrive on exposing issues and improving the quality of our state of the art trading applications. Automation Test Engineers are constantly challenged to understand complex trading strategies uncover software issues in our trading platform through testing and to provide feedback that can help enhance our end user experience. Job Responsibilities. Design develop and execute test plans and test cases based on software requirements and technical design specs Assist in reproducing investigating and debugging software issues in coordination with the Development team Recommend product improvements usability enhancements or corrections in coordination with Product Management team Responsible for testing product releases using a combination of automated and manual tests Thoroughly test new features manually then convert them to automated tests for the regression suite Help identify gaps in test coverage and write automation to plug the gaps Job Qualifications. 3 years experience with scripting automation tests 2 years work experience with Selenium 3+ years experience with Python is required. Automation framework design and development is a plus Working knowledge of an object oriented language and principles Strong analytical skills and commitment to continuous testing improvement Must understand the testing and development life cycle methodologies Knowledge of the financial industry and trading systems is a plus What we bring to the table. Competitive benefits including: medical dental vision FSA 401(k) and pre-tax transit/parking Flexible work schedules – with some remote work 22 PTO (paid time off) days per year with the ability to roll over days into the following year robust paid holiday schedule with early dismissal generous parental leave (for all genders and staff including adoptive parents) and backup child care as well as tutoring services Tech resources including a “rent-to-own” program where employees are eligible for a company-provided Mac/PC laptop and/or mobile phone of your choice; and a tech accessories budget for monitors headphones keyboards office equipment etc. Stipend and subsidy contributions toward personally-owned cell phones and laptops gym memberships and health/wellness initiatives (including discounted healthcare premiums healthy meal delivery programs or smoking cessation) Casual dress code and inspiring motivating office environment Forward-thinking culture-based organization with collaborative teams that promote diversity and inclusion through efforts such as TT Women in Tech and a committee dedicated to making TT a great place to work for everyone Office is conveniently located above Union Station and close to various public transportation Company Overview. Trading Technologies (TT) creates professional trading software infrastructure and data solutions for a wide variety of users including proprietary traders brokers money managers CTAs hedge funds commercial hedgers and risk managers. In addition to providing access to the world’s major international exchanges and liquidity venues via its TT® trading platform TT offers domain-specific technology for cryptocurrency trading and machine-learning tools for real-time trade surveillance. ——————————————————— Trading Technologies (TT) is an equal opportunity employer. Equal employment has been and continues to be a required practice at the Company. Trading Technologies’ practice of equal employment opportunity is to recruit hire train promote and base all employment decisions on ability rather than race color religion national origin sex/gender orientation age disability sexual orientation genetic information or any other protected status. Additionally TT participates in the E-Verify Program for US offices.
software test engineer,Position Overview: The Trucking industry is becoming more technologically advanced every day driving innovation in the industry and making vehicles do things never thought possible only a decade ago. Autonomous vehicles electrification Automatic Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Connectivity and Telematics are just some of the new and innovative ideas being worked on at Navistar. We are looking for bright talented and experienced software and controls engineers that enjoy working with cross-functional teams and are passionate about developing the next generation of features and functions for Navistar vehicles. Navistar International Corporation is a leading manufacturer of trucks and buses and part of the TRATON group. Our culture is to deliver solutions to complex problems quickly and with quality with the goal of delivering superior levels of product performance to our customers.  Navistar Vehicle and Powertrain Controls Software team is responsible for the complete development of embedded controls for International vehicles. This includes developing software requirements design coding testing software integration and release. This position is part of the Software Functional Testing team. Testing Controls and Software logic for all Navistar owned ECU applications including: Electric Vehicle controls Engine Controls Body Feature and Chassis Controls including advanced driver assistance and autonomous functionality. The Engineer will also have exposure to or participate in the development of closed loop vehicle HIL system that is a critical tool in controls development and testing.  This position will be located in Lisle Illinois. There are minimal travel requirements with this position. Occasional support at the test and development facility at the Navistar Proving Grounds in New Carlisle IN may be required.  Roles and Responsibilities: Perform in a team environment and collaborative atmosphere Develop and automate test plans based on requirements of vehicle functionality Execute test plans to ensure control functions meets requirements Analyze data and complete validation test plan reports Review findings of validation test plans and issues found Increase efficiency by leveraging automation in the test tool infrastructure Actively participate in internal and external peer reviews to foster continuous improvement of both the products and the development process Minimum Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Engineering or Engineering Technology At least 2 years of experience in product design/development OR Master’s degree in Engineering or Engineering Technology Additional Requirements: Qualified candidates excluding current Navistar employees must be legally authorized on an unrestricted basis (US Citizen Legal Permanent Resident Refugee or Asylee) to be employed in the United States. Navistar does not anticipate providing employment related work sponsorship for this position (e.g. H-1B status) Desired Skills: Experienced in hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) systems and software and test plan automation development and troubleshooting Knowledge of Model-based Controls Development and experience with using industry standard tools like Matlab/Simulink ETAS INCA Vector CANalyzer etc. Knowledge of SAE J1939 CAN protocol HD-OBD and generic scan-tools Understanding of engine vehicle or after-treatment physics and can apply knowledge to validate control strategies for various controls sub-systems Knowledge of HIL systems and software management (D-Space-ControlDesk ETAS Labcar NI Labview etc.) Company Overview: Navistar is a purpose-driven company reimagining how to deliver what matters to create more cohesive relationships build higher-performing teams and find solutions where others don't.  Navistar is the Lisle Illinois-based parent company of International® brand commercial trucks and engines IC Bus® brand school and commercial buses all-makes OnCommand® Connection advanced connectivity services aftermarket parts brands Fleetrite® ReNEWed® and Diamond Advantage® and Brazilian manufacturer of engines and gensets MWM Motores Diesel e Geradores.  With a history of innovation dating back to 1831 Navistar has more than 12000 employees worldwide and is part of TRATON SE a global champion of the truck and transport services industry. Accelerating the Impact of Sustainable Mobility: Visit us at www.Navistar.com to discover more about our organization  Navistar is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability veteran status and other legally protected characteristics.  #ridewithnavistar Job Posting: #LI-POST
software test engineer,Gaming: Welcome to the world of land-based gaming. Light & Wonder’s gaming team builds cutting-edge technology products and content for the most iconic casinos and operators across the globe. Position Summary The Associate Software Quality Assurance Engineer is responsible for developing and executing tests on new and existing products to ensure they meet the requisite functional technical and regulatory compliance and maintain high overall product quality. The Associate SQA should have an understanding of the software test methodologies and procedures in order to ensure testing efficiency and a high level of quality. Essential Job Functions Develop and execute test plans and test scripts for new and existing game themes and operating systems Follow all of the SQA Work Instructions on a daily basis Submit track and assist with escalation if needed any product issues found during testing to ensure that they are resolved Utilize all required databases for SQA functions and testing Provide input to the weekly project status report for each assigned project Provide detailed Completion Report at the end of each project Interface with other members of Product Development in order to effectively communicate and assist with resolution of all reported issues in a timely manner before the gaming product is released Understanding of software test methodologies/procedures and the overall product development lifecycle Reproduce issues when necessary in order to assist software development in resolving issues Assist the SQA Department on special projects Introduce process improvement initiatives Establish key contacts with upstream organizations that have a direct impact on SQA Attend OS Dev and Game Dev Code Reviews. Qualifications Academic and/or working knowledge of Visual Studio Academic and/or work experience with C and/or C++ and/or C# Academic and/or working knowledge of Linux/Unix/Windows Academic and/or proficiency with Microsoft Word Excel and Outlook. Education Bachelors degree in related field.  Years of Related Experience 0-2 years of experience.  Physical Requirements The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to sit stand walk bend use hands operate a computer and have specific vision abilities to include close and distance vision and ability to adjust focus working with computer and business equipment.  Work Conditions Light & Wonder and its affiliates (collectively “L&W”) are engaged in highly regulated gaming and lottery businesses. As a result certain L&W employees may among other things be required to obtain a gaming or other license(s) undergo background investigations or security checks or meet certain standards dictated by law regulation or contracts. In order to ensure L&W complies with its regulatory and contractual commitments as a condition to hiring and continuing to employ its employees L&W requires all of its employees to meet those requirements that are necessary to fulfill their individual roles. As a prerequisite to employment with L&W (to the extent permitted by law) you shall be asked to consent to L&W conducting a due diligence/background investigation on you.  This job description should not be interpreted as all-inclusive; it is intended to identify major responsibilities and requirements of the job. The employee in this position may be requested to perform other job-related tasks and responsibilities than those stated above. #LI-KG1 #LI-Hybrid Light & Wonder is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants due to race color sex age national origin religion sexual orientation gender identity status as a veteran and basis of disability or any other federal state or local protected class. If you’d like more information about your equal employment opportunity rights as an applicant under the law please click here for EEOC Poster .
software test engineer,Job Description The Elevator Pitch: Why will you enjoy this new opportunity?  Come join our team of software consultants who help customers build and improve their software! We do this through a dedication to Test Driven Development Pair Programming and Clean Code concepts. We also encourage our clients to create an environment conducive to high performing teams and keeping employees engaged. The people who succeed at Tanzu Labs are those who are excited to constantly learn and help others learn. As consultants we sometimes work in business domains or tech stacks that are unfamiliar to us but we can achieve amazing results through excellent software writing processes. You’ll have the opportunity to leverage a range of tools and technologies from common skills like Java/Spring C#/.NET and Typescript/React to iOS or Android Rust Golang and beyond. We’re routinely on the cutting edge with tools like kpack and knative on Kubernetes while alternately excavating heritage mainframes. Our engineers are technically deep and learn to deploy their skills in a range of technologies and contexts.  Success in the Role: What are the performance outcomes over the first 6-12 months you will work toward completing? Day 1 - meet your peers and learn how to improve your craft as an engineer and consultant. Week 1 - learn how you can contribute to the health and growth of our engineering practice. Month 1 - join a client-facing team. You will build and modernize valuable custom software using modern engineering best practices. Quarter 1 - you will have made amazing improvements to your engineering skills! You will feel comfortable helping less experienced client engineers build great software. Year 1 - you will feel comfortable leading the efforts of an engineering team! You will deliver fantastic software and make a lasting impact on the software skills of customers.  The Work: What type of work will you be doing? What assignments requirements or skills will you be performing on a regular basis? Your regular activities may be modified to suit your professional strengths but you can expect a variety of the following assignments: Be a crucial member of a team dedicated to helping a single customer achieve their technical and product goals. Build and modernize custom software built the right way. Advocate for modern best practices like Test Driven Development Pair Programming Refactoring and Domain Driven Design. Collaborate daily with client engineers and stakeholders to solve complex problems in uncertain environments using a combination of their domain knowledge and your skills as an engineer. Coach customers on our approach all along the way! Learn new technologies to help a wide range of customers. Collaborate with product managers and designers to find simpler ways to meet the needs of our customer’s users and business. Learn new skills and grow in your own career while contributing learnings back to others in our Engineering practice so we can all grow and thrive together. ****This position will perform work that the U.S. government has specified can only be performed by a U.S. citizen on U.S. soil and therefore any offer will be contingent upon verification of both of these requirements.**** Note to students from outside the US: This job opportunity is not eligible for employment-based immigration sponsorship by VMware. What is the leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like? We believe in collaborative autonomous teams focused on achieving our customer’s goals. Our leadership strives to create a healthy environment for you to do your best work and will empower you to work directly with your team and clients to deliver. Your manager will be an experienced Software Engineer Product Manager or Designer. They will support your growth through training mentorship and stretch opportunities. You should expect regular 1:1 meetings with your manager that are focused on project support and career planning. We are passionate about building valuable software and software teams set up for long term success. We strive to leave every client team better than we found it and love collaborating along this exciting journey. We have a bias towards action and love to test ideas so we can learn and improve. We have learned that being empathetic inclusive and kind empowers people to achieve greatness. We look forward to welcoming new team members!  Where is this role located? Like many companies the COVID pandemic changed how we work. We are fortunate to be capable of running a strong business in a 100% remote working environment and that is what we are doing now. However we believe that the fastest way to build authentic relationships is in person. Our role as consultants requires us to work well with new teammates on many types of engagements. We navigate large customer organizations facilitate team building and work towards shared goals. We’ve found that we can do this remotely but it is faster when we are co-located. Kicking off customer engagements in-person also fosters happier and more productive remote days. Once the pandemic is behind us we expect in-person collaboration at one of our offices or at the customer's site which will require travel of 10-25%.  US Benefits Section What are the benefits and perks of working at VMware? You and your loved ones will be supported with a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Below are some highlights or you can view the complete benefits package by visiting www.benefits.vmware.com. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Medical Coverage Retirement and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types Generous Time Off Programs 40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges or developmental disabilities Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation training course work etc.) Wellness reimbursement and online fitness and wellbeing classes  EPIC2 values VMware culture is based on a set of shared values best expressed through the acronym EPIC2: execution passion integrity customers and community. These values imbue everything that we do from our products and services to our community work through the VMware Foundation. It’s not unusual for a company to develop a set of core values. Where VMware stands out—and a major reason the company’s strong corporate culture has been recognized—is that the company’s values are a living dynamic part of the workplace. VMware was named in Forbes as one of America’s Best Employers for Women coming at number 3 in the IT category and number 57 overall (out of 300!). VMware Company Overview: At VMware we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud mobility and security software form a flexible consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution passion integrity customers and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs job requirements and individual qualifications without regard to race color religion or belief national social or ethnic origin sex (including pregnancy) age physical mental or sensory disability HIV Status sexual orientation gender identity and/or expression marital civil union or domestic partnership status past or present military service family medical history or genetic information family or parental status or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. VMware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.  This job may require the candidate to travel and/or work from a facility that requires full vaccination prior to entry.  Category : Engineering and Technology Subcategory: Software Engineering Experience: Business Leadership Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Posted Date: 2022-06-22  VMware Company Overview: At VMware we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud mobility and security software form a flexible consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution passion integrity customers and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs job requirements and individual qualifications without regard to race color religion or belief national social or ethnic origin sex (including pregnancy) age physical mental or sensory disability HIV Status sexual orientation gender identity and/or expression marital civil union or domestic partnership status past or present military service family medical history or genetic information family or parental status or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
software test engineer,As the health care industry continues to rapidly transform our IT team conceives develops and delivers impactful technology solutions to support access to quality affordable health care for our members. We are driven by our collective company purpose: To do everything in our power to stand with our members in sickness and in health®. Our IT team unleashes the power of this purpose through technology. We come to work every day to make a difference and we deliver the highest quality and best solutions to our members.  Job Purpose: This position is responsible for scripting development scripting execution and scripting troubleshooting using standard development frameworks.  Job Responsibilities: Conduct impact analysis of new functionality and develop estimates for testing efforts. Assist in creation and management of testing project plans. Execute various systems integration regression and ad-hoc tests according to approved test plans and testing schedule. Ensure the creation of weekly testing dashboards – reports on test preparation and execution status. Raise issues and risks to testing timeline such as deliverable hand off delays environment readiness issues etc. Manage defect reports for issues found during testing and provide accurate testing status to project stakeholders. Understanding of test scenarios and exit criteria Participates in estimating Test Automation effort Participates in maintaining and managing test automation frameworks Participates in creating and executing automation tests scripts Participates in creating and executing custom built queries Participates in fulfilling automation requests using a variety of delivery methods Participates in developing automation techniques to insert retrieve and compare data values either through a framework or custom scripts Participates in developing and maintaining Web-Application API (Web-services/DB) legacy and standalone desktop-based application automation Participates in identifying test coverage of the code using the appropriate tools and design Participates in building robust scalable and high-quality test automation solutions for functional regression and performance testing Participates in troubleshooting debugging and issue triaging Participates in building traceability matrix Required Job Qualifications: Continuous improvement. Detail oriented. Interpersonal and communication skills Problem solving and analytical thinking. Teamwork and collaboration. Ability to identify and tackle technical issues Have a strong desire for quality Ability to deal with both technical and nontechnical issues. Demonstrate good judgmental skills Have a thorough understanding of the software development process  Preferred Job Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science Computer Engineering or Information Technology. ISEB System Testing Foundation Cert. or similar. Ability to tie together solutions across systems. Experience in technologies testing. Experience in application and infrastructure integration. Experience in SDLC Methodology - Agile / Scrum / Iterative Development. Experience in HP LoadRunner QualityCenter Jira QTEST and other testing tools. Experience in web technologies - HTML/CSS/Java/ASP.Net/PHP/Ruby/C#. Experience in scripting languages - BASH / PERL / PYTHON / RUBY. Experience in test automation tools. Automation experience on skills like Java Selenium Web driver Test NG API Cucumber and GitHub....  HCSC is committed to diversity in the workplace and to providing equal opportunity and affirmative action to employees and applicants. We are an Equal Opportunity Employment / Affirmative Action employer dedicated to workforce diversity and a drug-free and smoke-free workplace. Drug screening and background investigation are required as allowed by law. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability or protected veteran status. Requirements: Expertise Information Technology  Job Type Full-Time Regular  Location IL - Chicago  HCSC is committed to diversity in the workplace and to providing equal opportunity and affirmative action to employees and applicants. If you are an individual with a disability or a disabled veteran and need an accommodation or assistance in either using the Careers website or completing the application process you can call us at 1-866-977-7378 to request reasonable accommodations. Please note that only requests for accommodations in the application process will be returned. All applications including resumes must be submitted through HCSC's Career website on-line application process. If you have general questions regarding the status of an existing application navigate to "my account" and click on "View your job submissions".
software test engineer,What You’ll Do: As a Junior Software Engineer you will join our interdisciplinary team to conceptualize and author the technologies that power our trading activities in financial markets. As an integral member of an aggressive and nimble company you will have the opportunity to tackle challenges in programming networking technology mathematics and finance. Your initial responsibilities will include the development and improvement of our growing queue of critical trading applications that add significant value to Valkyrie’s bottom line. What You’ll Need: Bachelor’s degree or a strong foundation in computers and programming Exceptional ability to produce clean efficient code in C++ or C# Experience in building complete multi-threaded server-client applications Knowledge of database and network technologies a plus Ability and willingness to take full ownership (design implement test deploy maintain iterate) of projects Comfort resolving uncertainty and communicating for issue resolution Willing to work on a collaborative team Exemplary attention to detail and a deep interest in the financial industry Vision to solve today’s problems while building future solutions Entrepreneurial attitude with a keen attention to both structure and detail Comfort with both Windows and Linux environments What You’ll Get: Competitive salaries and performance bonuses Top-tier medical vision and dental coverage Relocation assistance packages Generous vacation policy Training opportunities and continuing education Catered lunch snacks and beverages Group outings and company parties Casual dress environment Job Type: Full-time
software test engineer,Altera a new member of the N. Harris Computer Corporation family delivers health IT solutions that support caregivers around the world. These include the Sunrise™ Paragon® Allscripts TouchWorks® Allscripts® Opal STAR™ HealthQuest™ and dbMotion™ solutions. At the intersection of technology and the human experience Altera Digital Health is driving a new era of healthcare in which innovation and expertise can elevate care delivery and inspire healthier communities across the globe. A new age in healthcare technology has just begun. Overview The purpose of this role is to understand requirements/business cases/user stories and apply computer science engineering and mathematical analysis to design develop and test the application meeting the acceptance criteria. This involves understanding and applying one or more software or scripting language. This may involve developing new applications or enhancing and maintaining existing applications.  This is a Remote role.  Responsibilities Acts as Liaison with Business Analysts and/or internal/external clients to ensure that requirements are understood Produces and executes unit test cases as defined by the team Maintains coding standards Produces supporting technical and installation documentation for internal and external publication as appropriate Achieves productivity targets to ensure deliverables are met within budget on schedule and defined quality standards Completes all necessary software and non-software components in the timelines as defined by the Scrum Team/Project Manager Produces technical specifications code and/or unit test plans in line with the traceability matrix/functional specification Delivers committed development testing and documentation artifacts with/without guidance of senior members and architects Provides input and assist in preparing technical design specifications Provides input during planning grooming walkthrough estimation and other agile process Ensures every work artifact is thoroughly reviewed by peers/seniors for quality security and performance  Qualifications Academic and Professional Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree  Experience: 0-2 years relevant work experience Solid and demonstrated desktop Microsoft skills Prefer experience with SQL Prefer experience with Windows Communication Foundation for service apps Prefer experience with .NET Prefer experience with JavaScript Prefer experience with C# programming Prefer experience with Teams Foundation Server for code and task management.  Travel Requirements: Up to 5% travel may be required May require other travel for business needs  Working Arrangements: Work is performed in a standard office environment with minimal exposure to health or safety hazards  #LI-ALL
software test engineer,This is an environment unlike anything in the high-tech world and the secret of Costco’s success is its culture. The value Costco puts on its employees is well documented in articles from a variety of publishers including Bloomberg and Forbes. Our employees and our members come FIRST. Costco is well known for its generosity and community service and has won many awards for its philanthropy. The company joins with its employees to take an active role in volunteering by sponsoring many opportunities to help others. In 2018 Costco contributed over $39 million to organizations such as United Way and Children's Miracle Network Hospitals. Costco IT is responsible for the technical future of Costco Wholesale the second largest retailer in the world with wholesale operations in twelve countries. Despite our size and explosive international expansion we continue to provide a family employee centric atmosphere in which our employees thrive and succeed. As proof Costco consistently ranks in the top five of Forbes “America’s Best Employers”. Costco is looking for a dedicated and experienced Quality Assurance (QA) Analyst to join its International eCommerce QA team. This position oversees the processes practices and execution of both manual and automated UAT BAT and Regression testing for all countries deployed on the Costco International SAP Commerce solution. These practices must be managed within Costco Confluence/JIRA (or other approved repository) and adhered to globally. This role will be required to oversee the execution of these practices for every release by every country. The successful candidate must have strong communication skills demonstrating their ability to collaborate with QA individuals Business Stakeholders Engineers Project Managers and various levels of management. If you want to be a part of one of the BEST “to work for” companies in the world simply apply and let your career be reimagined. ROLE Performs Test Lead activities. Coordinates and oversees test team activities for in-house onshore and offshore testing of multiple initiatives. Participates in requirements and user story review; ensures the appropriate acceptance criteria are included and approved globally. Creates and gains project approval on project test plans. Creates and/or oversees the creation and approval of project test cases and QA-related documentation. Executes tests and records results working with others to identify and resolve defects. Assists with automating and executes automated test cases. Oversees or generates all QA-related documentation. Ensures adherence to standardized QA policies processes and documentation standards. Ensures that QA processes and procedures for test environments are followed and that the integrity of the various environments are not compromised. Executes test cases defect management and adherence to test schedule. Attends and/or facilitates daily standup meetings and provides status updates. Provides weekly QA project status reports. Helps to mentor and develop skills in others. Attends all sprint completion meetings and demos to stakeholders. REQUIRED Minimum 5 years’ experience in software testing and leadership capacity. Minimum 5 years’ functional and back-end testing of eCommerce websites and backend applications. Minimum 5 years’ hands-on experience using industry standard software QA tools. Strong knowledge of SDLC and SQA methodology as well as experience testing on an Agile team. Experience leading QA teams. Experience in eCommerce Solutions specifically SAP Commerce Platforms. Excellent troubleshooting analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent organizational and planning skills with experience building tactical plans. Ability to produce effective software test plans and test cases. Familiar with source code version management and code deployment standards; and utilizes this knowledge. Solid understanding of build tools and software configuration management standards. High level understanding of design/development methodologies and project management concepts. Ability to work effectively and produce consistent results with minimum supervision. Strong communication skills with ability to communicate with all levels of the organization from senior management down to staff level. Proven leadership skills; demonstrated team-building skills with ability to influence and motivate team members that report to other groups in the organization. Strong work ethic positive attitude and excellent collaboration skills. Flexible; must be able to change priorities quickly focus on new ones without distraction; able to deal with conflict and work under pressure to meet deliverable dates/timelines. Ability and willingness to travel internationally and adjust work hours to accommodate international teams. Scheduling flexibility to meet the needs of the business in a 24 x 7x 365 operations environment- evening weekend and holiday work will be required. Recommended Degree in Computer Science or in a related technical field preferred. Experience with projects focused on infrastructures and software solutions. SQA experience working within an iterative development framework. 2-5 years’ of retail business knowledge. Knowledge of French Spanish Korean and Mandarin is a plus. Proficient in the use of Google products: email spreadsheet document presentation and analytics. Required Documents Cover Letter Resume California applicants please click here to review the Costco Applicant Privacy Notice.  Apart from any religious or disability considerations open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business. If hired you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization including but not limited to H1-B visas.
software test engineer,The Elevator Pitch: Why would you enjoy this opportunity? At VMware we're building new possibilities for our customers by accelerating digital business transformation. We're modernizing data centers for greater agility and productivity integrating public clouds for faster time to market empowering digital workspaces to improve mobile experiences and transforming cyber security. You can be a part of this amazing transformation that will impact our customers and businesses around the world. Networking and Security business group is responsible for fully deliver full L2-L7 software defined networking and security solution that enhances operational efficiency unlocks agility and is scalable to rapidly respond to business needs in Virtual Cloud Network (VCN). Our key offerings include NSX Data Center NSX-ALB (Avi) NSX on VMC and Carbon Black Security. What is the primary need technical challenge and/or problem you will be responsible for on this team? VMware NSX is looking for Software quality engineers who are passionate about changing the future networking with NSX and VMware Cloud. You will get an opportunity to gain wide variety of software experience in the areas of testing distributed systems  networking automation virtualization software and cloud. Analyze product requirements develop high quality test strategy. Develop and design effective test automation and contribute to CI/CD . Be self-motivated and proactively manage time and tasks. Interact with development teams SRE Product management to execute on product goals. Willingness to learn and strong technical curiosity. Automation and programming skills in python or golang. Bonus: Bachelors in computer science or equivalent engineering courses preferred Previous experience or course work in network Virtualization or Cloud technologies preferred. High level understanding of networking protocols or any cloud platform - AWS GCP Azure would be a huge plus. What is the leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like?  VMware people share deeply held values that inspire us to build a diverse culture make a positive impact on our customers communities and the world around us and support the policies that guide how we treat one another. Most of this team aligns to Palo Alto CA.  Upon joining your team you will be participating in the following Team meetings Mentor/Manager 1:1s Coding Training in VMware products and solutions. Goal review Where is this role located? Open for remote within USA.  What are the benefits and perks of working at VMware? As a member of technical staff you will be supported with a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Below are some highlights or you can view the complete benefits package by visiting www.benefits.vmware.com. You and your loved ones will be supported with a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Below are some highlights or you can view the complete benefits package by visiting www.benefits.vmware.com. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Medical Coverage Retirement and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types Generous Time Off Programs 40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges or developmental disabilities Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation trainings course work etc.) Wellness reimbursement and online fitness and wellbeing classes  This job may require the candidate to travel and/or work from a facility that requires full vaccination prior to entry.  Category : Engineering and Technology Subcategory: Software Engineering Experience: Manager and Professional Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Posted Date: 2022-06-01  VMware Company Overview: At VMware we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud mobility and security software form a flexible consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution passion integrity customers and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs job requirements and individual qualifications without regard to race color religion or belief national social or ethnic origin sex (including pregnancy) age physical mental or sensory disability HIV Status sexual orientation gender identity and/or expression marital civil union or domestic partnership status past or present military service family medical history or genetic information family or parental status or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
software test engineer,Farmer's Fridge is on a mission to make it simple for everyone to eat well. We serve healthy handcrafted meals and snacks from our growing network of 400+ software-enabled vending machines that we refer to as smart Fridges. We are striving to change the food system from the ground up – one Fridge or delivery at a time. We are a team that cares -– about the business the impact our product makes and each other. We are data-driven innovative and quick to move on a good idea. We are looking for people who want to collaborate in an entrepreneurial inclusive culture and have a passion to succeed. The Sr Software Engineer will... be responsible for the systems that power our digital ecosystem. Our goal is to provide a unique dynamic and personalized experience for each customer no matter their choice of platform. Work cross-functionally with the Product Design and Marketing teams to identify issues and potential improvements to operational workflows Work closely with our data engineering team to get data to start slicing and dicing get insights migrating to production planner Increase automation and anomaly detection throughout our platform Develop and extend our API that is used across all of our platforms Deliver quality software using Agile and iterative development Help teammates by performing code reviews and serving as a mentor to some of our more junior teammates What Your Background May Look Like: Several years of solid backend engineering work in more than one language not afraid to delve into different technologies Experience designing building and supporting greenfield projects preferred Experience designing and implementing solutions on a public cloud (AWS GCP Azure) Experience with at least one of the following languages: Go Python or Java. Some React experience would be a plus. Experience in serverless modern architecture Experience collaborating with business leaders and engineers to understand and define project goals Experience mentoring junior engineers You are about ready for that next step in your career - we're looking for somebody who can soon grow into an Engineering Manager or Principal Engineer role Who You Are: Problem-Solver - You enjoy tackling obstacles. You have the ability to understand issues from multiple angles and uncover the best path forward Communicator - You can convey ideas clearly and effectively; however your secret power is listening and understanding Improvement-Oriented - Proven ability to learn new skills quickly and an eye for optimization Egoless - You know that the best way to innovate is through teamwork. You are humble and eager to solve problems by learning from and collaborating with others. Benefits at Farmer's Fridge: In This Together - Our HQ employees are currently working from home but we stay connected virtually with weekly town hall meetings social hours and remote game nights. Our bonus roles as taste testers are also still intact! You can sample what new items we're cooking up in our test kitchen with our menu team's no-contact "employee drive-thru". Happier Weekdays - Each day at work should fill you with joy not dread. We're a fun and passionate group and we don't take ourselves too seriously. Bring your unique self to work dress comfortably and always feel free to share your thoughts and opinions. We encourage curiosity and inquiry; there's no hierarchy here when we're all swapping ideas. Innovate & Elevate - We're all teachers and learners. You'll grow and help grow the company through cross-functional collaboration open access to leadership and regular business updates. You have a direct impact on the company's bottom line. You can also impact your personal bottom line by participating in our 401(k) plan that includes a company match with immediate vesting and you'll succeed alongside our business with our bonus and equity plans. #LI-LF1 Farmer's Fridge is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all employment practices including hiring without regard to race color religion national origin sex gender identity sexual orientation age disability status veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal state or local law. View our disclosures related to External Agencies and Applicants below: https://www.farmersfridge.com/careerdisclosures
software test engineer,Position Purpose: Pearson’s Global Digital Channels and Experience team is looking for a Functional/UAT Tester eCommerce who will be responsible for overseeing the testing and quality of our e-Commerce storefront(s). S/he will be responsible for creating business testing strategy test plans and test cases in partnership with Product Managers Engineers Business Analysts Project Managers and other stakeholders to check conformance to requirements. S/he will develop execute & maintain manual & automated test plans supporting new & existing features of our product. S/he will implement and provide guidance to other team members implementing software quality assurance testing techniques including smoke functional regression exploratory and integration testing in an agile-driven team to meet testing software requirements. The person is to assist in defining QA coding standards and frameworks and for identifying emerging technologies and evaluating their applicability to business goals. This role requires a strong understanding of quality assurance procedures meticulous attention to detail proven ability to lead distributed teams and experience collaborating with diverse teams and stakeholders to achieve desired outcomes. The candidate is expected to have a strong knowledge of eCommerce best practices industry trends and actively contribute to building a world-class consumer grade eCommerce experience for Pearson. This seasoned individual will use a combination of market insights persuasion and personal judgment to build credibility challenge the status quo and drive desired outcomes with high quality. S/He is a highly motivated and passionate professional motivated to deliver an amazing experience for our customers. Keys to success in this role are initiative collaboration orchestration active stakeholder management ownership and ultimately the drive to get things done. Thriving in an evolving environment working to drive innovation and continuous improvement for efficiency and sustainable growth is critical. Key Responsibilities: Review business requirements and create appropriate test strategy plans and use cases aligned with the requirements Review and re-evaluate the test strategy/plan based on new information risks evolving priorities and schedules Drive end-to-end testing of feature functionality and user experience Oversee quality review of various business-critical applications Lead implementation and execution of functional regression and user acceptance tests Assist in test environment setup/teardown test automation and exploratory testing Oversee the creation and maintenance of test data and test documentation Provide suitable solutions for issues/errors mitigation to the Engineering team based on a robust understanding of the system and business processes Monitor efforts to resolve product issues and track progress Ensure that the final product satisfies the product requirements and meet end-user expectations Collaborate with Test Engineers and share knowledge with QA colleagues to help scale QA operations Coach junior staff and provide feedback on testing-related tasks. Delegate and assign testing responsibilities Formulate quality assurance standards and best practices aligned with organizational policies and strategic plans Must Have Attributes: 3+ years in Quality Assurance Testing or similar role in Software SaaS or Technology related industries BS/BA in Engineering Computer Science or related field Experience in testing various applications services and user experience Experience in test automation and creating repeatable maintainable automated test suites Capable of testing eCommerce experiences on web and mobile devices Document and summarize tests results and report findings Able to conduct variety of testing (front-end back-end system integration mobile and accessibility) Proven ability to collaborate with Product Engineering Design and Business teams to drive desired outcomes Strong understanding of eCommerce system architecture and in-depth knowledge of Agile process and principles Proven ability to effectively manage key stakeholders at all levels to communicate test plans and results Strong experience with SQL JIRA Confluence and roadmap planning tools (like Aha!) is strongly desired along with a robust understanding of Agile scrum SDLC methodologies and eCommerce and content management platforms (Hybris & AEM) Personal Qualities: Communication: You possess excellent written and verbal communication skills and use these to influence outcomes with persuasiveness and credibility. You appreciate the diversity of stakeholder interactions and adapt your style and approach accordingly Keen attention to details: You have an eye for details and leverage that to create and execute upon detailed test plans with the objective of delivering a best-in-class frontend and backend experience Global Perspective and Learning Agility: You take a systematic structured view of situations while staying focused on the big picture. You have significant experience operating in a global environment being a team player and are able to demonstrate cultural sensitivity Results Oriented : You have a track record of achievement accountability and translating complex strategies into actionable plans leading to desired outcomes Time Management: You have excellent organizational skills with the ability to manage and balance multiple priorities in a fast-paced complex business environment coupled with the aptitude to set priorities manage deadlines and make bold data-driven decisions Judgement and problem-solving skills: You are naturally inquisitive independent critical thinker proactive problem-solver and detail-oriented grounded in sound business judgement Ideas driven: You have the capacity to be open to new ideas ambiguity and comfortable exploring areas with little oversight where there are no right answers OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION This position description is indicative of the range of job requirements. The job comprises other duties as required. It is the responsibility of all employees to ensure they behave in a way that is consistent with the company’s Code of Conduct and its policies and procedures. Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants including minorities women veterans and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. NOTE: This position is a U.S. REMOTE position. Candidates from eastern and central time zone preferred. \#LI-POST Learning is the most powerful force for change in the world. More than 20000 Pearson employees deliver our products and services in nearly 200 countries all working towards a common purpose – to help everyone achieve their potential through learning. We do that by providing high quality digital content and learning experiences as well as assessments and qualifications that help people build their skills and grow with the world around them. We are the world’s leading learning company. Learn more at pearsonplc.com. Pearson believes that wherever learning flourishes so do people. We are committed to being an anti-racist company in everything we do. We value the power of an inclusive culture and a strong sense of belonging. We promote a culture where differences are embraced opportunities are accessible consideration and respect are the norm and all individuals are supported in reaching their full potential. Through our talent we believe that diversity equity and inclusion make us a more innovative and vibrant place to work. People are at the center and we are committed to a sustainable environment and workplace where talent can learn grow and thrive. To learn more about Pearson’s commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce please click here: http://www.pearson.com/careers/diversity-and-inclusion.html Pearson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and a member of E-Verify. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds perspectives and skills. The more inclusive we are the better our work will be. All employment is decided based on qualifications merit and business need. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ethnicity color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity gender expression age national origin protected veteran status disability status or any other group protected by law. Job: ENGINEERING Organization: Direct to Consumer Schedule: FULL\_TIME Req ID: 4844
software test engineer,Automation Test Engineer Are you interested in being part of a well-funded early-stage company dedicated to redesigning patient care through a best-in-class SaaS solution? Are you a curious problem solver and critical thinker with deep technical expertise and a passion for solving real-world problems? Are you independently motivated and excited by the challenges of productively contributing as an integral part of a distributed team? If you answered yes to these questions this role might be for you. About the Role: Curve Health is a mission-driven health tech company focused on empowering care providers to treat patients in place even under acute conditions that would otherwise require a transfer to the emergency room. This is no glorified Zoom consult! Rather our platform is designed to facilitate remote care for even the most complex patients during an acute event providing a much better patient experience at a lower cost impact. Who doesn't love a win-win? Our start-up domain requires us to be flexible and adaptable. We also take ownership of our work and appreciate valuable feedback. We are looking for a Test Engineer to join our team. You will be responsible for the quality assurance of our web and mobile applications. As a Test Engineer you'll work closely with our engineers to ensure system consistency and improve user experience. Ultimately you should be able to develop and execute functional regression integration and automated tests. What you will work on: Planning implementation and independent execution of various automated tests Creation of test cases and test documentation based on an analysis of the requirements Programming automation of tests in JavaScript Monitoring the results of the automated tests reporting errors found Supporting the software team in root cause analysis and in the reproduction of error messages Evaluation of new tools technologies and methods in the testing environment Maintenance improvement and planning of the evolution of test scripts and scenarios Planning and providing support for integration end-user and performance testing Coordinating the different parties in end-to-end tests Experience / Skills: Experience in testing and quality assurance as well as in automation using JavaScript Knowledge of Cypress and Detox would be appreciated Understanding of the performance testing concept. Strong quality awareness accuracy and reliability Why Curve Health? We are a deeply collaborative and insight-driven team looking for new perspectives to challenge our thinking and unlock new opportunities to grow (individually and as a business). We are serious about diversity and inclusion. We are a Seed Stage/Series C-hybrid company built on the foundation of a proven award-winning product and pointing it at new users to unlock its full potential. We are a remote team that is dedicated to creative collaboration and real culture with weekly happy hours whiteboard sessions and daily all-hands meetings to keep us connected.
software test engineer,What is Mode Mobile? Our mission is to enable budget-conscious consumers to earn additional income from their everyday habits. We accomplish this with an Android app and smartphone that pay users to listen to music charge their phone play games complete surveys; and connect them with exclusive deals to save and earn even more. Mode Mobile is a fully remote US-based company that builds mobile technology products for budget-conscious consumers. Our products let people around the world earn passive income while using their mobile phones for daily habits like music games news shopping browsing charging and even unlocking their devices. We continue to expand our product offering to more than 3 million monthly active users and pace towards revenue growth of more than 400% in 2021. Additionally we expect to have paid out $6+ million to earners this year and look forward to strong continued growth ahead. Our flagship products Mode Earn App and Mode Mobile are hugely popular with millions of users around the world. It is our goal to provide a free Mode phone to every income-conscious consumer on the planet enabling them to earn up to $100 each month while passively using their device. Our common purpose is to bring financial joy to the lives of our user base. In 2018 Mode Mobile became the first company to raise over $36M through an SEC-registered security token offering to implement our royalty-paying token $CRNC across company product lines. Why Mode Mobile? You have an opportunity to join a team of high-caliber ambitious people who are out to challenge the status quo of content consumption. We're a well-funded revenue-generating company and have a runway for years to come. We are rapidly growing and as we embark on the next phase of our incredible expansion we are looking for exceptional talent to help fuel the growth. We're committed to bringing diverse industry experiences and perspectives together. The team is made up of alumni from Y-Combinator Ivy League Universities College Dropouts Fortune 500 and everything in between. We have superior financiers and advisors including Mark Cuban and several top-tier institutional investors. We care about building a disruptive product that empowers our users. We think big! About The Role Mode Mobile enables budget-conscious consumers to earn additional income from their everyday habits. The larger organization is split into cross-functional product teams. Each team contains Android Engineers Backend Engineers QA Engineers a Product Manager and Engineering Manager. We're focused on allowing users to earn extra income for using their phone. We operate in 2-week sprints release Android updates weekly and control specific functionality through a powerful split testing and feature flagging system. Our Product Managers are committed to measuring and quantifying the impact of every change before we move on. The team varies between working collaboratively and independently. We want everyone to feel encouraged to take a feature from an idea through development and post-release all on their own. But some problems are best solved together in which case pair programming whiteboarding sessions and discussions are frequent. Responsibilities You'll be joining our team as a QA Engineer working on all of the areas/projects mentioned above. The specific projects will vary each sprint. To perform the duties of this position you'll need to have the following skills: You have experience testing modern mobile user interfaces in detail for both Android and iOS. You have 3+ years of QA automation experience. You are comfortable & experienced working as part of a remote distributed team. You are detail-oriented and communicate clearly in spoken & written English. You are experienced with using an issue tracking system - preferred: Jira. You are experienced using TestRails or any other test suites management tool(s) Be mindful of the test pyramid; identify and use the right approach and tools including manual testing. In collaboration with other engineers continuously improve techniques tools and QA processes to enable a safe and efficient agile development environment and ensure the high quality of the final product. Review the work of your colleagues. As a true team player you continuously improve your team's processes brainstorm ideas and communicate your status and progress. Provide feedback and continuously improve yourself. Technology We rely heavily on the following technologies: TestRail for our Test Case and Test Documentation main application. EndTest for creation of automated tests. BrowserStack as device farm used for automated tests JIRA for bug management and for general maintenance of software development process. Instabug for bug reporting We communicate with each other primarily via Slack. We'd Love To Talk With You If… Have 3+ years of quality assurance experience. Have a keen eye for detail and a commitment to excellence. Consider multiple quality dimensions like user impact failure tolerance implementation time potential security breaches and performance. Are genuinely interested in technology and love to try new things. Test problems but also consider multiple solutions weigh them and decide on the best course of action. Thrive on providing and receiving honest but always constructive feedback. Interview Process The Interview process is normally a 30-minute initial interview with the recruiter a 1-hour technical interview a 1-hour cultural fit interview and a 1.5 hour final-round exec/VP interview. We All Share The Same Core Values Lead with Purpose - Leadership does not necessarily mean management. Everyone is a leader no matter the role. Taking pride in your responsibilities finding & executing solutions is key. Focus on the 'Why'- The best solutions start with everyone understanding the problem and its impact. We've found that if someone understands the 'why' they will produce an innovative 'what' and 'how'. If we cannot explain the 'why' clearly we don't understand the problem ourselves. Bring a Sense of Humor - Our work environment is a lighthearted & positive place where team members are united by humor and camaraderie; we believe laughter is a great way to uplift team members morale and form bonds with each other. Set New Precedents - We drive innovation and push boundaries for all company activities while understanding that anything worth doing will have roadblocks. We set a new standard of worth for people's time data and attention while rewarding what most other companies take. Collaboration - We won't thrive without recognizing others' strengths. Listen and evolve together helping and supporting each other for the sake of a collective goal. We Believe In The Following Workplace Norms Honor Commitments Your Word Matters - Specific Measurable Attainable Relevant & Timely (S.M.A.R.T) Asks & Answers. Allow OKRs To Guide Us - Individual & Departmental OKRs will largely impact success at Mode Mobile. Agree to Disagree & Commit -Voice concerns in a respectful & appropriate manner directly to your manager or the Senior Leadership Team. Assume Positive Intent - Always start from the idea that a person meant well or was doing their best no matter what they say or do. Accomplish More with Less - Explore options to maximize value. Learn and be curious. Hold Yourself and Others to High Standards - Embrace high attention to detail & maintain an appropriate sense of urgency. Speak Up - Everyone's opinion matters. Be inquisitive & don't think in silos. What We Are Offering We are a remote-first company and all team members workdays overlap with U.S. CST core work hours. A competitive compensation package. Participation in the Company's equity and token plan. We payout individual bonuses every two months in accordance with our bimester Objectives & Key Results (OKRs). Unlimited Paid Time Off Wellness Fridays once a month Work with energetic passionate and high-caliber people. Celebrate team members' personal milestones. Career roadmap Remote social activities including virtual coffee buddies. Bonus.ly - we use bonus.ly as a way to recognize and reward team members for their hard work and commitment. If we just described you and your perfect role we'd love to talk with you. We have a lot to accomplish in the new year and look forward to making headway and creating successes together!
full stack engineer,We are a group of technologists who love to work on the latest technology to build new features and improve existing components of Disney's eCommerce Platform specializing in Ticketing Products. We also take pride in building the next generation of eCommerce products for multiple departments within the Walt Disney Company.  Responsibilities : Showcase high enthusiasm integrity creativity results-orientation. Work in an Agile environment with detailed planning and estimation accuracy Review User Stories partnering with Product Team Design Technical Specifications collaborating with Technical Leads and Architects Design and Build new software features services distributed systems with efficiency and stability in mind. SPECIALIZED SKILLS Java experience Experience with AWS Suite (Service Management and Deployments EC2 and ECS Containers Elastic Search Caching Lambdas DynamoDB MariaDB/MySQL Kinesis Developer Tools) Experience with jUnit Testing (Familiarity with jUnit 5 Preferred) Familiarity with Firebase Test Lab Sauce Labs Test Cloud Experience with GitLab GitHub AWS Fargate  Basic Qualifications : 2+ years' experience in Software Development Thrive within a fast-paced software application delivery and product launch environment. Knowledge of Computer Science Hands On Knowledge on Design Patterns - Great understanding in the following design patterns: Singleton Factory Observer Builder Adapter Publisher/Subscriber Decorator. Hands On Knowledge on Data Structures - Familiarity/Confident using Lists Sets Maps Linked Lists Queues Stacks. Preferred familiar with BST Red-Black Trees Trees Graphs. Hands-on Knowledge of Algorithms - you need to be able to solve coding problems in whiteboard. Big O notation time and space complexity of the algorithms.  Preferred Qualifications: 2+ years' Experience on Full Stack Development (Service and UI or Web UI and iOS or Web UI and Android)  Required Education : 2+ years of previous work experience or B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar degree  Additional Information : #LI-SG2 #DISNEYTECH #DPEPFLA
full stack engineer,Equivalent Experience TEKsystems is looking for a .Net developer to help one of our large clients in Chicago. This is very collaborative and a great environment. Skills: .net core Angular C# .net Mvc Javascript About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80000 strong working with over 6000 clients including 80% of the Fortune 500 across North America Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services Talent Services and real-world application we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race sex age color religion national origin veteran status disability sexual orientation gender identity genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
full stack engineer,Who We Are SPINS is the leading provider of retail consumer insights analytics and consulting for the Natural Organic and Specialty Products Industry. We transform raw data into intelligent and actionable business solutions that enable consumers to pursue wellness. At SPINS we believe data is important but our people are the real differentiator. That's why we maintain a culture that is focused on collaboration flexibility and open communication. DAAP integrates data sources (SPINS IRI Nielsen Whole Foods Market Costco Amazon and more) into a single platform that provides one common view of category hierarchies and brand/sub-brand structures. We build a custom harmonized database that cleans and integrates the data so it can be used for the development of insights and tactical strategic recommendations. We are looking to add a Full Stack Engineer (Back End Focused) to our team. Data Harmonization Data Customization Data Analytics Custom Platform Delivery Responsibilities: This Full Stack Engineer will own projects from start to finish. You will need to be comfortable taking an idea from a concept to a production ready client facing application and being the point person for questions or changes relating to those projects. To be successful the successful candidate must be comfortable working with a high degree of autonomy; know when to ask questions or get feedback from other team members. Expect to wear many different hats. We are looking for someone who's primary focus is Back-End development with Python but you will be required to work on other tasks that may be more closely related to general Python work or Data Engineering from time to time. We don't expect you to be an expert in everything but we do need a willingness to learn skills that you may not already have. Are you comfortable moving between multiple tasks or projects in a short amount of time? We focus on getting each task or project to a production ready state before moving on but there may be times where you will be required to put a project on hold to complete other urgent tasks. We ask that you follow Software Development best practices. Some of our processes lack in-depth documentation; we want to ensure that work going forward is meticulously documented and follows industry standard styling practices such as Python's PEP-8. Qualifications: Very comfortable writing Python including Back-End development with Django or Flash Experience with Front-End languages; HTML CSS and JavaScript. Experience with React Angular or Vue. Experience writing SQL Experience with or a surface level understanding of and a willingness to learn GCP or AWS. Experience with Git. We use GitHub.  #LI-CJ1 #LI-Remote What SPINS Offers We have enjoyed tremendous growth over the years and as a leader in a fast-growing industry we have no plans to slow down! While all that growth brings excitement it is also an opportunity for SPINS to show it values the health and wellness of its team members. Whether you are based at our Chicago headquarters or remote we continue to stay true to SPINS: We embrace hybrid and remote work options so that you have the flexibility to create a work/life balance that actually works! Virtual yoga HIIT meditation classes and "team SPINS" Peloton rides Each employee is allotted paid time to use to volunteer with an organization of their choice and charitable donations are matched. CEO Connect a monthly informal small group Q&A session with our top leader Semi-annual company-wide survey that is used to shape company programs perks and culture. The SPINS Way Direct – We communicate with clarity honesty and respect in all situations and embrace opportunities to provide solution-oriented feedback. Determined – We are committed to overcoming all obstacles to achieve results. We adapt to change seek opportunities to learn and rapidly translate that learning into action. Passionate – We go above and beyond to help our partners achieve their goals. We challenge assumptions and are comfortable forging new paths. Collaborative – We leave our egos at the door believing that working together we will produce an outcome that's greater than each individual contribution.
full stack engineer,About JLL – We’re JLL—a leading professional services and investment management firm specializing in real estate. We have operations in over 80 countries and a workforce of over 91000 individuals around the world who help real estate owners occupiers and investors achieve their business ambitions. As a global Fortune 500 company we also have an inherent responsibility to drive sustainability and corporate social responsibility. That’s why we’re committed to our purpose to shape the future of real estate for a better world. We’re using the most advanced technology to create rewarding opportunities amazing spaces and sustainable real estate solutions for our clients our people and our communities. Our core values of teamwork ethics and excellence are also fundamental to everything we do and we’re honored to be recognized with awards for our success by organizations both globally and locally. Creating a diverse and inclusive culture where we all feel welcomed valued and empowered to achieve our full potential is important to who we are today and where we’re headed in the future. And we know that unique backgrounds experiences and perspectives help us think bigger spark innovation and succeed together. If this job description resonates with you we encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all of the requirements below. We’re interested in getting to know you and what you bring to the table! Software Engineer - Full Stack Real Estate Management Services (REMS)THIS ROLE IS REMOTE About JLL About the Role: #JLLTechAmbitions JLL is looking for .NET/React.JS Full Stack Developer. In this role the person will be responsible for independently developing complex web applications using Microsoft Azure technology. As a Full Stack Developer you'll play a critical role in upholding the company's daily operations and showcasing your technical skills through designing and developing the web-based systems. You'll work across the full stack using a range of Microsoft web technologies including C# .NET Core ReactJS and other JavaScript frameworks producing clean scalable code integrating backend data and designing functional user-friendly UIs and web layouts using HTML and CSS.Responsibilities: Independently develop execute and monitor complex React and .NET web and business components web services and reports for assigned projects. Perform unit testing system integration testing and assist with user acceptance testing. Articulate business requirements in sufficient detail such that a technical solution can be designed and engineered. Develop technical understanding of how the data flows from various source systems and source types to application database. Consults with the business to develop documentation and communication materials to ensure accurate usage and interpretation of JLL business requirements. Provide on-going support to application used within the organization. Purpose of the RoleHelp stakeholders make smart decisions to their solution architecture and infrastructure lens based on your designs Bring clarity creativeness and crispness to complex data through design Gathers custom application development requirements from different business areas Plan and execute testing of enhancements & new logic and troubleshoots any issues that arise after deployment Assist in the rollout maintenance and ongoing administration of these web applications Mentor and lead the junior members of the team Sound like you? To apply you need to be / have: Experience & Education 6+ years IT experience (Development) Bachelor’s degree in Computer science Information Systems Information Technology Computer or Electronics Engineering Agile Scrum and Gitflow working experience are preferred. Must have developed projects from inception. Self-motivated team player who can work with minimal supervision and can adapt to quickly changing environment. Team player with good communication and interpersonal skills and ability to be a self-starter Good Understanding of Technical trends architectures and highly motivated to know more about the latest technology updates Excellent verbal and written communication skills Have excellent problem-solving skills utilizing both internal and external resources to get the job done and working through issues and challenges Ability to be accessible online to the team (Microsoft Teams) during their shift and able to attend key Sprint related ceremonies and use video conferencing from time to time Technical Skills & CompetenciesReact.js 16.8+ using ES5+ or TypeScript. Redux with redux-thunk or redux-saga. HTML5 CSS3 styled-components and Material UI. Web/Responsive UI development/presentation layers. GraphQL clients such as Apollo Client. DevOps tools and pipelines such as Azure DevOps. .Net Core 2.1 + and SQLServer 2008+. Cloud platform experience in Azure/AWS/GCP is desired. Good to have tools Knowledge : VS Code Postman SonarCube Sourcetree What you can expect from us We succeed together and believe the best inspire the best so we invest in supporting each other learning together and celebrating our success. Our Total Rewards program reflects our commitment to helping you achieve your career ambitions recognizing your contributions investing in your well-being and providing competitive benefits and pay. We can’t wait to see where your ambitions take you at JLL. Apply today!
full stack engineer,This is an environment unlike anything in the high-tech world and the secret of Costco’s success is its culture. The value Costco puts on its employees is well documented in articles from a variety of publishers including Bloomberg and Forbes. Our employees and our members come FIRST. Costco is well known for its generosity and community service and has won many awards for its philanthropy. The company joins with its employees to take an active role in volunteering by sponsoring many opportunities to help others. In 2018 Costco contributed over $39 million to organizations such as United Way and Children's Miracle Network Hospitals. Costco IT is responsible for the technical future of Costco Wholesale the second largest retailer in the world with wholesale operations in twelve countries. Despite our size and explosive international expansion we continue to provide a family employee centric atmosphere in which our employees thrive and succeed. As proof Costco consistently ranks in the top five of Forbes “America’s Best Employers”. Costco is looking for a dedicated and experienced C# ASP.Net developer to design develop maintain extend applications and implement projects in accordance with the Costco development and project management methodologies and practices. This is an excellent opportunity to work on various applications focused on automating and modernizing the E-Commerce pharmacy processes for a fortune 500 company. If you want to be a part of one of the BEST “to work for” companies in the world simply apply and let your career be reimagined.  ROLE Designs builds and maintains efficient reusable and reliant C# code for relational database applications. Including (but not limited to) the Pharmacy eCommerce System. Designs and implements solutions into existing environments and designing business workflows to ensure proper application mapping/flow. Creates conceptual and detailed technical design documents. Provides accurate and timely estimates (work breakdown schedules). Ensures the best possible performance quality and responsiveness of applications. Documents and executes unit and integration tests. Defines and implements standards and best practices for software development. Participates in code review sessions as a coordinator owner reader recorder or observer. Collaborates with Business Analysts Solution Architects Quality Assurance Analysts Software Developers and Release Analysts in a DevOps model to extend the capabilities of the applications. Provides 3rd-level application support for the Pharmacy E-Commerce applications. REQUIRED Minimum 4 years’ experience with C# ASP.Net with a strong knowledge of its related technologies. Familiarity with the .NET framework 4.0 or later. Must have working knowledge of Web Services SOAP and XML technologies. Experience programming in major database and middleware technologies. Proficient working knowledge of code versioning tools such as Git SVN etc. Strong knowledge of object oriented concepts. Familiarity with continuous integration. Must have strong communication skills both oral and written. Demonstrated ability to collaborate with other technical experts develop solution and functional design documents to support development of final solutions and provide project estimates and lead technical teams to consistently meet commitments. Integrity accountability a positive attitude and be willing to do what it takes to make the team successful. Ability to manage priorities and timelines. Ability to provide project estimates and work-breakdown schedules. Extremely responsive able to work under pressure in crisis with a strong sense of urgency. Responsible conscientious organized self-motivated and able to work with limited supervision. Detail-oriented and possess strong problem-solving skills and ability to analyze for potential future issues. Able to support off-hours work as required including weekends holidays and rotational on call. Recommended Experience in ASP.net (C#) (Web forms and User Controls) AJAX concepts HTML CSS JavaScript JQuery Telerik (3rd party controls) OOPS Concepts and Design Patterns. Working knowledge of backend and Pharmacy Management components web services related interfaces and configuration. Previous E-Commerce experience in production support team lead or related role. Required Documents Cover Letter Resume  California applicants please click here to review the Costco Applicant Privacy Notice.  Apart from any religious or disability considerations open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business. If hired you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization including but not limited to H1-B visas.
full stack engineer,CURO Financial Technologies is one of the largest fastest growing providers of short-term loans and financial services in the United States and Canada. Our licensed direct lending products and heightened customer service focus are at the core of what we offer. We have an upbeat friendly and fast-paced environment. Our employees are excited to be a part of the CURO family as evidenced by our low turnover rates and energized company culture. We've consistently grown well ahead of other short-term loan lenders and are primed for continued growth and enduring success. Come and work for a Fintech company that has distinguished itself from competitors with quality product offerings genuine customer service robust operating systems state-of-the-art call center and a track record of new product innovation! US Remote We are looking for innovative Full-stack Software Engineers to join our growing development team! In this role you will be responsible for the overall development and implementation of front and back-end software applications. You will be involved in all stages and all areas of software development including architecture design performance evaluation code review and internal tool management. Join our team and you will have the opportunity to work on development projects across all CURO brands and products and continuously learn the latest and greatest from our best-in-class developers and work in one of the hottest spaces FinTech. What you will be doing: Collaborate with users other technical teams and senior management to collect requirements influence technical decision-making on software product features product strategy etc. Contribute to the architecture and design (architecture design patterns reliability and scaling) of new and current systems Work in Azure DevOps to enhance our automated test and deployment pipelines Work closely with business partners to design build and support new products and features in our customer-focused mobile-first web applications What you should have: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science Engineering or equivalent experience At least 2 years of experience in a full stack development role Proficiency with object-oriented programming patterns and practices Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/CSS JavaScript XML jQuery) Knowledge of multiple back-end languages (e.g. C# Java Python .NET framework SQL Server) and JavaScript frameworks (e.g. Angular React Node.js). Experience with Web Services Browser Debugging GIT JSON Single-Page Application Proven success leading projects from start to finish with strong ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions Experience in development of automated unit component and integration testing Experience designing and developing cloud-based solutions What will set you apart: You have experience in one or more of the following: .NET core EF Core WEB API DevOps experience with builds and releases Experience with Domain Driven Design and Microservices Architecture Prior experience in Financial Industry CURO Financial Technologies Corp Supports Equal Employment Opportunity. CURO Financial Technologies Corp (dba Speedy Cash Rapid Cash Cash Money LendDirect Avío Credit Opt+ and Revolve Finance) is committed to a policy of providing equal employment opportunity to all qualified employees and applicants. This commitment is reflected in all aspects of our daily operations. We do not discriminate on the basis of race color sex religion national origin marital status age disability veteran status or genetic information in any personnel practice including recruitment hiring training compensation promotion and discipline. Additionally we do not discriminate based on any other characteristic protected by applicable state or local law where a particular employee works. In addition it is the policy of CURO Financial Technologies Corp to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified employees who have protected disabilities to the extent required by federal law and any state law where a particular employee works.  This employer participates in E-Verify.  NOTICE: Please upload your resume in .pdf or .doc format.
full stack engineer,Software Engineer If you are a Full Stack Engineer with experience please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. We are a venture backed company in business for over ten years experiencing consistent growth  2. Our innovative products have received rave reviews and have been featured on multiple morning TV shows  3. We believe in giving back by working with many foundations addressing global warming pet adoption homelessness etc. What You Will Be Doing Work with product design and engineering teams to build software through the entire life cycle from design to implementation  Enhance application performance through testing and debugging  Lead code reviews What You Need for this Position 3+ Years of Experience With:  Required:  JavaScript  React.JS  TypeScript  Node.js  API  Design Libraries (Bootstrap Tailwind Material etc.)  Cloud Platforms (AWS GCP Azure)  Desired:  CI/CD  Kubernetes  Docker  SCRUM  TDD  Automation Testing  GraphQL  Next.js  Databases (MySQL or PostreSQL)  Automation Testing  This is a hybrid role requiring working in office 2-3 days per week What's In It for You - Base Salary: $120k - $140k  Unlimited PTO  Medical  Dental  Vision  401(k) So if you are a Full Stack Engineer with experience please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.  CyberCoders Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex national origin disability protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.  Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
full stack engineer,The world isn’t standing still and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities. Plus Allstate is changing how when and where we work-to lead us boldly into our future. We're empowering our employees to create better ways of working through more intentional use of communication and collaboration practices processes and tools. Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication telematics digital photo claims and more recently device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. Job Summary Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting rewarding and challenging? Think again! Allstate is looking for a Full Stack Software Engineer to join our forward engineering team supporting Transformative Growth initiative within the Allstate Family of Companies.  Allstate is expanding beyond insurance to offer our customers a complete circle of protection for all aspects of their lives. The Allstate Family of Companies formed through acquisition and new business startup includes brands like Allstate Roadside Services InfoArmor SquareTrade Esurance Allstate Benefits Allstate Dealer Services and Drift Car Sharing.  About You and What You Will Do About You: You are passionate about software engineering You measure success by delivering working software and end user satisfaction You have a desire to reimagine our business for the customer’s benefit You are comfortable with ambiguity and even use it to drive better ideas work and success  What You Will Do In this roleyou will practice and be the champion of Agile delivery utilizing Continuous Integration & Deployment practices. You will own the full stack of software products; developing and implementing frontends (web or mobile) and backend services. You will leverage test driven development and continuous integration to ensure agility and quality of products. You will actively participate in the decision-making process of the team ensuring that the simplest appropriate technology and design is chosen to meet user needs. You will coach other team members creating an environment of continuous learning and constantly challenging and stretching the knowledge of the team.  The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate the following: You will use the latest selected technology stack in your day-to-day development activities. You will work alongside other experienced engineers in a paired environment sharing your knowledge and skills and learning from others as the product progresses. These will be true java software engineering positions providing opportunity for back-end services development experience. Ideally you will already have experience Java/Spring however an enthusiasm for software engineering and a proven ability to investigate and apply new technologies in your current role will also be strongly considered.  Experience Job Qualifications 2+ years technology development and implementation experience. Knowledge of Agile methodologies (especially Agile XP) including paired programming and test-driven development. Undergraduate degree in Computer Science preferred Thorough understanding on OOP concepts Data Structures and Algorithms Excellent Java coding (Java 8 or higher) background including familiarity with the following tools: WebServices Spring Framework Microsoft SQL Server or MongoDB Education A college degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science or similar field including a solid understanding of Computer Science fundamentals Compensation Data The salary range for this position is $68000/yr-$112000. Salary offered will be commensurate with experience and skills required. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation which includes a drug screen.  Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.  As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance medical and dental insurance as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. For a full description of Allstate’s benefits visit allstate.jobs/benefits  Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter Facebook Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.  Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.  Effective July 1 2014 under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242 it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.  For jobs in San Francisco please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.  To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs  To view the FMLA poster click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.  It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry age color disability genetic information gender gender identity gender expression sexual and reproductive health decision marital status medical condition military or veteran status national origin race (include traits historically associated with race including but not limited to hair texture and protective hairstyles) religion (including religious dress) sex or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship including but not limited to hiring training salary administration promotion job assignment benefits discipline and separation of employment.
full stack engineer,About Chicago Public Media Chicago Public Media is home to WBEZ  Chicago’s NPR news source and one of the largest and most respected public media stations in the country as well as urban alternative music station Vocalo . The organization serves the community with fact-based objective news and information. WBEZ’s award-winning journalists ask tough questions dig deep for answers and expose truths that spark change and foster understanding. In addition to its local and national news programming WBEZ Chicago is home to a growing portfolio of popular podcasts including the “Making” series of Making Beyoncé Making Obama and Making Oprah; an investigative podcast series Motive; 16 Shots: A podcast about the fatal police shooting of Laquan McDonald; Nerdette; and Curious City. WBEZ Chicago has a legacy of innovation as the birthplace of nationally acclaimed programs such as This American Life and Wait Wait...Don’t Tell Me! and the ground-breaking podcast Serial. Chicago Public Media has recently acquired the Chicago Sun-Times one of the Chicago’s two major daily newspapers and among the most storied dailies in the nation. With the Chicago Sun-Times and WBEZ Chicago Public Media is now home to one of the largest teams of journalists of any local news organization in the nation. Under the banner of Chicago Public Media WBEZ and the Chicago Sun-Times will reach more than 2 million people a week in the Chicago area across broadcast print and digital channels. Backed by a significant philanthropic commitment Chicago Public Media plans to substantially increase its investment in local journalism by hiring additional reporters producers and newsroom personnel in the months and years ahead.  About the Role - Full Stack Software Engineer Chicago Public Media home to Chicago’s NPR station WBEZ the Chicago Sun-Times and Vocalo is looking for a Full Stack Software Engineer to join our renowned Software Engineering team. Reporting to the Director of Software Engineering our next Full Stack Software Engineer will collaborate with other Engineers Product Managers Producers Editors and Reporters. They will develop and support a suite of complex and essential applications. In this role you will have the opportunity to contribute to our most visible and innovative products the WBEZ and Vocalo Mobile Apps driving innovation in news delivery to create a more informed and empathetic Chicago.  Why You’ll Love this Position You’ll have the opportunity to work with a wide variety of modern frontend and backend languages / technologies. You’ll receive on-the-job training and support of your long-term developmental goals. You’ll write code that is shipped to production in your first month and will regularly contribute to critical public facing projects. In collaboration with other (awesome) software engineers and product managers you’ll have a say in product level and engineering level decisions. You’ll work in development environments that are perpetually being optimized for developer experience / quality of life.  Technical Skills Required Portfolio-proven experience in backend and/or frontend software development Experience in HTML5 CSS3 Vanilla JS and at least 1 server-side language Understanding of at least one JS Framework (Vue / Angular) with a willingness to adopt and learn new frameworks on the job Understanding of SASS and / or SCSS and the ability to use these technologies to materialize application layouts from flats / wireframes Experience using Node JS in conjunction with build tools such as Gulp and Webpack in command line Understanding of performance implications and speed optimization of frontend and backend software applications  Additional Requirements Excellent communication skills and a penchant for collaborative workflows An excitement for news and an interest in public media. Due to current COVID restrictions you must be able to work remotely at your own designated location with Internet access and you must be willing and able to work at our Navy Pier offices with proof of vaccination. We are currently working toward having all staff work in-office 2 days a week. Right now most of our staff is working remotely.  Not Required but Appreciated Familiarity with Cloud Computing services such as AWS Experience with frontend media streaming technology  Working at Chicago Public Media At Chicago Public Media we care deeply about our employees as we know attracting developing and growing talent is key to our success and enhancing our impact. Our culture is one where collaboration ideas and innovation are encouraged. We value colleagues who will enhance our culture by bringing new ideas diverse experiences and talents to our dynamic workplace. Chicago Public Media’s dedication to promoting diversity and inclusion is reflective across our brands WBEZ 91.5 FM and Vocalo 91.1 FM in our staff and in our work. We are fully focused on equality of opportunity and believe deeply in diversity of race gender sexual orientation religion ethnicity national origin experience and all other fascinating characteristics that make us different. At Chicago Public Media we believe dedication to a great workplace includes supporting our employees and their families. As a result we provide a broad and generous benefits package for you at hire and in the years to come. Our Benefits Include: 6 weeks fully paid family leave High quality Medical Dental and Vision plans at an affordable cost A 403(b)retirement plan with a company match Generous paid time off including starting with 3 weeks’ vacation and 4 personal days. The essential functions described above are not all-inclusive and may change periodically to meet the needs of Chicago Public Media (CPM). The information contained in this job description is not intended to create any contractual or other legal commitment. Chicago Public Media may change the content or format of this job at any time in its sole and exclusive discretion without notice.  Chicago Public Media is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we actively seek and welcome people from all backgrounds orientations and life experiences to join our team.
full stack engineer,Donnelley Financial Solutions (DFIN) is a leader in risk and compliance solutions providing insightful technology industry expertise and data insights to clients across the globe. We’re here to help you make smarter decisions with insightful technology industry expertise and data insights at every stage of your business and investment lifecycles. As markets fluctuate regulations evolve and technology advances we’re there. And through it all we deliver confidence with the right solutions in moments that matter. Summary: We are looking for technical team members at all levels who want to push themselves to deliver best in market SaaS solutions. We offer a challenging environment where you will have to grow adapt and use your skills consistently. Our customers rely on us in the moments that matter. Engineering delivers on that promise.   You can read the bullets below. But they almost always look the same right? Here is the deal – being a senior engineer here at DFIN means helping us deliver SaaS software solutions for our customers that primarily work with the SEC or other global regulating bodies. Our products are in demand because we solve regulatory problems for our customers. As a senior engineer you’ll contribute to projects end to end write code that less senior engineers can emulate understand how we operate our systems and help make sure our technology grows and doesn’t become a big pile of tech debt. Responsibilities: Be a key contributor to our development practice: design full-stack development and testing. Write concise clear well-tested and well-documented code with quality that adheres to industry best practices. Optimize code for quality performance scalability efficiencies and security; through testing code scanning refactoring and monitoring. Analyze design and build solutions that solve the problems we have not the problems that we think we may have one day. Build software with people. Product managers other developers SRE junior engineers senior engineers offshore. Construct software that matters. Understands that systems are to be operated and monitoring and metrics are important. Engineer for simplicity reliability manageability scalability extensibility reusability and performance. Makes sure to constantly address technical debt. Shine a light on it even when it hurts. Qualifications: Be committed to your development the products you work on and the firm. Expert in user interface development using TypeScript / React JS At least 1 year of experience developing with React JS or Angular JavaScript CSS HTML and front-end languages. Experience with user interface design. Experience developing RESTFul Web Services Experience in one of the following: Java .NET C# or another Object-Oriented language Strong CS fundamentals (data structures algorithms performance characteristics test automation) Optional Azure AKS Docker Kubernetes Experience developing secure code meeting security standards and willing to participate in financial systems security practices. BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience. It is the policy of Donnelley Financial Solutions to select place and manage all its employees without discrimination based on race color national origin gender age religion actual or perceived disability veteran's status actual or perceived sexual orientation genetic information or any other protected status. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access jobs.dfinsolutions.com as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by sending an email to AccommodationRequest@dfinsolutions.com. #BI-Remote
full stack engineer,Eaton’s Vehicle division is seeking a Software Engineer – Full Stack Developer to join our team. The position can be based at any Eaton U.S. facility or remotely out of a home office based in the U.S. Position Overview: We are looking for an experienced full-stack developer with a strong sense of ownership and self-motivation for delivering creative solutions and taking on significant challenges in building highly scalable reliable and extensible systems. As a Software Engineering Specialist you will be responsible for all stages of software development including refining product vision gathering requirements project planning software system design development testing deployment and support that ultimately solves a customer or business problem. You will work with an experienced team consisting of product owners scrum masters designers and developers tasked with building applications and products to support Eaton’s digital strategy—a team laser focused on its goals adapting to customers’ needs and always moving forward. As you gain experience and build a proven track record of success this position offers a runway to a tech lead and architect position within Eaton’s expanding digital solutions team. Making what matters work at Eaton takes the passion of every employee around the world. We create an environment where creativity invention and discovery become reality each and every day. It’s where bold bright professionals like you can reach your full potential—and where you can help us reach ours. In this function you will: Contribute to the architecture design development deployment monitoring and maintenance of cloud based digital solutions at scale. Write high-quality clean logical highly-performant code and adopt test-driven development and Agile practices. Passion for technology and an eagerness to contribute to a team-oriented environment. Experience working in Agile/Scrum project teams designing developing and supporting critical high-throughput applications. Develop your skill further by working closely with more senior developers to ensure code alignment with design patterns / frameworks. Collaborate with your team to design new and enhanced features for an outstanding user experience. Participate in design discussions review sessions and prototyping. When we embrace the different ideas perspectives and backgrounds that make each of us unique we — as individuals and as a company — are stronger. #remote #LI-SG1 #LI-remote Qualifications Required (Basic) Qualifications: Bachelor of Science Degree in computer science or engineering from an accredited institution. Minimum of 7 years of experience with Internet of Things (IoT) or delivering cloud enabled products (ex: Cloud Microsoft Azure Google Could Amazon Web Services etc.). Preferred Qualifications: 4+ years of experience developing enterprise grade highly scalable web-based applications and/or distributed systems. 3+ years of experience in Microsoft technologies Development experience with Microsoft Azure a plus. 3+ years in teams applying modern agile software development practices such as SCRUM etc. Knowledge of Continuous Integration (CI) /Continuous Delivery (CD) concepts tools and technologies. Experience with C# and .Net Framework/.Net Core development. Experience with F# or another functional/hybrid programming language. Knowledge of security concepts such as encryption certificates and key management. Position Criteria: We operate within the Eastern Standard time zone but also have team members in India and the Czech Republic. We offer flexible start and end times for your day but for collaboration purposes we ask that all be willing to adopt a core set of work hours from 9am to 3pm EST. What you’ll get from us: We provide benefits that are industry competitive and focused on employee well-being. Listed below are programs that are offered globally but program availabilities may vary by site. Flexible work options to help balance work/life demands (at participating Eaton sites) Healthcare/retirement savings programs Competitive compensation packages to reward skills and performance Tuition assistance or financial help for ongoing learning and development Health Dental Vision & Wellness programs Donation matching (U.S. Canada Puerto Rico) Eaton provides a competitive total rewards package commensurate with applicable skills knowledge and experience and consistent with internal and external market practices. The annual salary range for this role is $105000 - $150000 a year. At Eaton we know that good benefit plans are important to employees and their families. In addition to a competitive base salary Eaton provides various Health and Welfare benefits as well as Retirement benefits. Click here for more detail: Eaton Benefits at a Glance. We make what matters work. Everywhere you look—from the technology and machinery that surrounds us to the critical services and infrastructure that we depend on every day—you’ll find one thing in common. It all relies on power. That’s why Eaton is dedicated to improving people’s lives and the environment with power management technologies that are more reliable efficient safe and sustainable. Because this is what matters. We are confident we can deliver on this promise because of the attributes that our employees embody. We’re ethical passionate accountable efficient transparent and we’re committed to learning. These values enable us to tackle some of the toughest challenges on the planet never losing sight of what matters. Job: Engineering  Region: North America – US/Puerto Rico Organization: VEH Vehicle Group  Job Level: Individual Contributor Schedule: Full-time Is remote work (i.e. working from home or another Eaton facility) allowed for this position?: Yes – Remote Does this position offer relocation?: No Travel: Yes 10 % of the Time
full stack engineer,Job Description Nordstrom Technology is currently seeking a Senior Engineer to join our team! A Senior Engineer 1 is part of a key team of Nordstrom Technology professionals that applies scientific mathematical and social principles to design build and maintain technology products devices systems and solutions. These technology products and solutions provide amazing customer experiences while meeting the needs of the business. The scope responsibility and accountability is at the solution level. This a fully remote role! A day in the life… Responsible for feature design evaluate designs and provide feedback Influence quality standards and understand identify measure across entire solution Identify performance issues and optimize solution Demonstrate strong knowledge of security coding practices and secure system fundamentals Understand security protocols interpret security and compliance requirements You own this if you have… Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in CS Engineering 5+ years professional experience in practice area We’ve got you covered… Our employees are our most important asset and that’s reflected in our benefits. Nordstrom is proud to offer a variety of benefits to support employees and their families including: Medical/Vision Dental Retirement and Paid Time Away Life Insurance and Disability Merchandise Discount and EAP Resources A few more important points... The job posting highlights the most critical responsibilities and requirements of the job. It’s not all-inclusive. There may be additional duties responsibilities and qualifications for this job. Nordstrom will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all legal requirements. Applicants with disabilities who require assistance or accommodation should contact the nearest Nordstrom location which can be identified at www.nordstrom.com. © 2022 Nordstrom Inc Current Nordstrom employees: To apply log into Workday click the Careers button and then click Find Jobs. Pay Range Details The pay range(s) below are provided in compliance with state specific laws. Pay ranges may be different in other locations. Colorado: $114000-$176500 annually Nevada: $114000-$176500 annually
full stack engineer,**This job requisition is not eligible for employment-based immigration sponsorship by VMware.** The Elevator Pitch: Why will you enjoy this new opportunity? Are you an innovator and a problem solver that loves working with new technologies? Do you want to be a part of a growing team that builds and operates secret management service for all VMware services on the public cloud and on-prem? Are you interested in building and running services used by people around the world 24x7? Are you passionate about solving secret management challenges across public private and hybrid cloud? Are you the type of person that can exercise independent decision-making within broadly defined parameters? If you answered yes to any of the above and want to do full-stack development in an open-minded and innovative team we are the team for you.  Success in the Role: What are the performance goals over the first 6-12 months you will work toward completing? Success in this role requires solid programming/troubleshooting skills (one or more programming languages - go-lang python typescript or javascript) solid computer science fundamentals. You should be comfortable working by yourself and collaborate with the larger team. You will start with a small project/feature and eventually own full designs and implementations. You will provide adequate tests for your code so the code can be successfully deployed to a live service being used at all times from different geographic locations.  What type of work will you be doing? What assignments requirements or skills will you be performing on a regular basis? As a new member of the cloud management team: Work with the team and product management to review and refine delivery requirements Write technical design documents and hold reviews Participate in all team scrum ceremonies Develop and maintain software that delivers on the team’s objectives primarily in typescript python and terraform and infrequently in Ruby or Golang Deploy microservices to Kubernetes using Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) systems Communicate with consumers of the team’s software and gather requirements and facilitate adoption of your solutions  What is the leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like? This position reports to the Manager of the Cerberus team. You will initially be part an established team that has a wide range of core platform responsibilities but the expectation is that you will help blaze a new trail for the team and organization in the area of secrets management which includes front-end or back-end microservices. This is a great opportunity for someone who likes to start new things be on the forefront of technology and put their mark on a team company and industry. Where is this role located? Flexible: The role is considered flexible and will be a mix of working from a local VMware office and remote depending on your preferences and the arrangements determined with your future manager. You will be expected to live within a reasonable non-daily commute of the office.  What are the benefits and perks of working at VMware? You and your loved ones will be supported with a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Below are some highlights or you can view the complete benefits package by visiting www.benefits.vmware.com. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Medical Coverage Retirement and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types Generous Time Off Programs 40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges or developmental disabilities Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation trainings course work etc.) Wellness reimbursement and online fitness and wellbeing classes  This job may require the candidate to travel and/or work from a facility that requires full vaccination prior to entry.  Category : Engineering and Technology Subcategory: Software Engineering Experience: Manager and Professional Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Posted Date: 2022-06-10  VMware Company Overview: At VMware we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud mobility and security software form a flexible consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution passion integrity customers and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs job requirements and individual qualifications without regard to race color religion or belief national social or ethnic origin sex (including pregnancy) age physical mental or sensory disability HIV Status sexual orientation gender identity and/or expression marital civil union or domestic partnership status past or present military service family medical history or genetic information family or parental status or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
full stack engineer,To get the best candidate experience please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts. Job Category Products and Technology Job Details Full-Stack Software Engineer – Application Development Level: Starting at 2+ years of experience AMTS MTS SMTS LMTS PMTS  *IN SCHOOL OR GRADUATED WITHIN THE LAST 12 MONTHS?? PLEASE VISIT FUTURE FORCE FOR OPPORTUNITIES: https://www.salesforce.com/company/careers/university-recruiting/ * Location : US Remote or Preferably near a Salesforce Office: Atlanta Dallas Raleigh Chicago Boston New York San Francisco Bellevue/Seattle Salesforce has immediate opportunities for extremely talented Software Engineers who want their lines of code to have significant and measurable positive impact for users the company's bottom line and the industry. You will be working with a group of world-class engineers to build the breakthrough features our customers will love adopt and use while keeping our trusted platform stable and scalable. The software engineer role at Salesforce encompasses architecture system design implementation and testing to ensure we build products right and release them with high quality. From Sales & Marketing Cloud to IoT & Analytics...We have a range of positions available across various applications and platforms. Submit your resume here and we'll reach out to you with opportunities within a particular cloud. Your Impact: Architect design implement test and deliver highly scalable products. Master our development process culture and code base then improve it. Operate effectively in the hybrid engineering model where engineers are expected to be able to design and execute the necessary work to ensure quality in their own code as well as other engineers'. Mentor others in development technologies tools and processes Present your own designs to internal/external groups and review designs of others Develop test strategies design automation frameworks write unit/functional tests to drive up code coverage and automation metrics. Participate in the team’s on-call rotation to address complex problems in real-time and keep services operational and highly available Basic Requirements: Bachelor’s degree OR equivalent experience 2+ years of professional software development experience Deep knowledge of object oriented programming and experience with at least one object oriented programming language (Java Javascript C++ C# Ruby Python) High proficiency in at least one high-level programming language and web framework (NodeJS Express Hapi etc.) Solid understanding of web technologies such as JavaScript CSS HTML5 XML JavaScript JSON and/or Ajax Solid understanding of Database technologies such as SQL PL/SQL and relational database schema design Experience in automated testing including unit and functional testing using Java JUnit JSUnit Selenium Excellent communication skills Preferred Requirements: Experience building highly scalable web applications. Experience with Agile software development and test-driven development. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent field Track record of being a top performer in current and past roles Participate in the team’s on-call rotation to address complex problems in real-time and keep services operational and highly available Benefits & Perks: Check out https://www.getsalesforcebenefits.com for a full outline of our amazing benefits such as 401K match Healthcare wellbeing reimbursement generous parental leave adoption assistance fertility benefits and more! Open to Fully Remote Flex (1-3 days/week in the office) or Office-Based (4-5 days/week in office) For Colorado-based roles: Minimum annual salary of $111200.00. You may also be offered a bonus restricted stock units and benefits. Accommodations If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form . Posting Statement At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay employee resource groups inclusive benefits and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender perception or identity national origin age marital status protected veteran status or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org . Salesforce welcomes all. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
full stack engineer,At John Deere we run so life can leap forward. This powerful purpose is our promise to humankind that we will dream design and deliver breakthrough products that sustain our world for generations to come. The world is counting on us to feed billions of people and build vital infrastructures in villages towns and megacities. We live up to the legacy our founder forged in a one-room blacksmith's shop nearly two centuries ago by creating a culture that brings out the best in all of us. A culture where great ideas thrive because every voice is heard.  John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to among other things race religion color national origin sex age sexual orientation gender identity or expression status as a protected veteran or status as a qualified individual with disability.  Primary Location: United States (US) - Illinois - Chicago Function: Technology (CA) Title: Software Engineer - 86107 Onsite/Remote: Partial Remote Position  Visa sponsorship is available for this position. Your Responsibilities As a Software Engineer for the JD Parts Order Management team located in Chicago/Moline IL or Des Moines/Waterloo IA you will; Work with a team of engineers to design build and implement solutions the Dealer Parts Ordering product Primary focus on configuring designing and developing back-end SAP solutions (CRM SD SCM) Secondary emphasis on Front-end JDPoint as part of Full stack development What Skills You Need 4 or more years of experience in the design development testing and integration of high complex software solutions specifically with SAP ABAP SAP CRM and other SAP functions that support the Ordering function 4 or more years of experience in software engineering practices such as DevOps principles CI/CD and Testing 2 or more years of experience with front-end designs development (CSSHTML Java JavaScript WebSphere REACT) and optimization What Makes You Stand Out 2 or more years of experience working in an Agile Environment 2 or more years of experience in cloud development with platforms like AWS or Azure 2 or more years of experience with front-end designs development (CSS HTML JavaScript WebSphere REACT) and optimization 2 or more years of hands-on experience and/or certifications with Microsoft Azure APIM 2 or more years of hands-on experience building or administration of applications in AWS 2 or more years of experience with design and development of microservices Education Ideally you will have a degree or equivalent related work experience in the following: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science Engineering or Information Technology  What You'll Get At John Deere you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go while working in an inclusive team environment. Here you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. Additionally we offer a comprehensive reward package to help you get started on your new career path including:  Flexible work arrangements Highly competitive base pay and performance bonuses Savings & Retirement benefits (401k and Defined Benefit Pension) Healthcare benefits with a generous company contribution in the Health Savings Account Adoption assistance Employee Assistance Programs Tuition assistance Fitness subsidies and on-site gyms at specific Deere locations Charitable contribution match Employee Purchase Plan & numerous discount programs for personal use  Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.  The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job but rather as guidelines.  The terms of the applicable benefit plans and all company actions administering or interpreting these plans continue to control. Deere & Company reserves the right to suspend amend modify or terminate the Plan(s) in any manner at any time including the right to modify or eliminate any cost-sharing between the company and participants. Changes which can be made at any time are made by action of the company’s board of directors or to the extent authorized by resolution of its board of directors or by the Deere & Company Compensation Committee. In the event of a conflict between the language of the official Plan Documents and this document the language of the official Plan Documents will control. ACA Section 1557 Nondiscrimination Notice The John Deere Health Benefit Plans for Salaried and Wage Employees comply with applicable Federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race color national origin age disability or sex.
javascript engineer,Company Overview Motorola Solutions is there for our customers when everything is on the line. In extreme moments — when a hurricane lands or when a fire breaks out. And in everyday moments — when a package arrives just in time for the holiday or when a child doesn’t miss the school bus home. We unify voice data video and analytics in one integrated ecosystem to enable individuals businesses and communities to work together in more powerful ways. To help people make better decisions act confidently and be their best in the moments that matter. Bring your passion potential and talents to Motorola Solutions and connect with a career that matters.  Department Overview Come join us at Motorola Solutions as a member of the AI Data & Common Services Engineering Team in the city of Chicago! As a software engineer you will be a key member of our Common Services team responsible for building the next generation cloud products for our public safety customers around the world. Our products allow customers to respond effectively in mission-critical operating environments and we’re looking for world-class engineers interested in building software and systems that truly make a difference.  Job Description We are looking for developers who love challenges and have experience building complex web applications at scale. This person will work as a contributing member of an advanced software development team using modern software development techniques to produce world-class public safety cloud-based software solution. Responsibilities include: Design develop and maintain software applications following established standards procedures and specifications. Develop code and create unit and other automated testing solutions. Able to participate in group discussions by expressing thoughts and ideas clearly. Self-driven high energy highly innovative person with a positive attitude. Effectively collaborate with technical leaders in a multi-team environment. Demonstrate flexibility and resilience in the face of changing priorities and requirements. Qualifications : The ideal candidate will have at least some of the following skills and experience: BS degree in Computer Science IT Computer Engineering Software Engineering or related field. Good background in server-side web development preferably in C# Experience with unit test frameworks such as xUnit and Moq Experience with software technologies such as Docker Kubernetes and Git Experience with GIS and Mapping ESRI technologies is a plus. Experience with modern single page web app development using HTML5 JavaScript (AngularJS) or CSS Knowledge of client- and server-side web app performance scaling techniques; Be prepared to discuss application optimization experience on previous projects Experience defining and building Web (REST) APIs for internal and external usage Knowledge of both SQL and NoSQL data stores including the ability to choose the right one for the job Production application experience with public web applications; Ideally you should have some knowledge of (and/or experience with) public cloud technologies such as Microsoft Azure. Working knowledge of Linux and Windows Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Interested in working in a continuous deployment environment This role can be remote anywhere in the US.  Basic Requirements BS Degree in Computer Science IT Computer Engineering Software Engineering or related field with 1+ years of professional experience OR Master's degree in related field Vaccine Requirement Motorola Solutions has implemented a voluntary COVID-19 vaccination policy. We strongly encourage all employees to be fully vaccinated. Additionally certain local governments or Motorola Solutions' customers may have vaccine requirements that apply to some of our employees. These employees are required to submit proof of vaccination to Motorola Solutions and maintain compliance with these requirements.  Travel Requirements None  Relocation Provided None  Position Type Experienced  Referral Payment Plan Yes Our U.S. Benefits include: Incentive Bonus Plans Medical Dental Vision benefits effective Day 1 401K with Company Match and Day 1 vesting 9 Paid Holidays Generous Paid Time Off Packages Employee Stock Purchase Plan Paid Parental & Family Leave and more!  EEO Statement Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability veteran's status or any other protected characteristic.
javascript engineer,$50k - $90K If you are a Webflow Frontend Engineer with experience please read on... About NutriSense We are a VC-backed health-tech startup on a mission to optimize metabolic health and prevent chronic diseases through personalized nutrition for All. Our mobile application leverages continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) with access to virtual support from registered dietitians so that everyone not just individuals with diabetes can learn about their unique food responses understand their metabolism and reach health goals that lead to an optimized life. Over the last 12 months our growth has been off the charts! With a 10% month-over-month increase in new users and a 6x increase in revenue the fly-wheel effect is firmly in motion with no end to the momentum in sight. Our customers range from the ultra-healthy trying to take their life to new levels to individuals with diabetes trying to manage their disease. Our platform focuses on bringing customized solutions for metabolic health in the palm of your hands. If you are interested in joining a mission-driven startup that is disrupting the health industry and cares about creating a dynamic environment for its employees apply immediately! In This Role You Will: Be an individual contributor in a fast-paced startup environment Help to increase the performance and conversion rate of our website Leverage your deep understanding of software engineering best practices Interact with partners to integrate third-party applications with the website Create and maintain website related automations To Thrive In This Role You Will Need: Bachelors' in CS or equivalent degree 5+ years JavaScript experience 5+ years HTML and CSS experience Working knowledge of Webflow platform Proficiency with React Excellent communication and organizational skills Preferred Qualifications: Master's in CS or equivalent field Working knowledge of GraphQL and Apollo client Genuine interest in the health and wellness space Total Compensation Package For This Role Includes: Competitive Compensation - $50k - $90k 100% No String Attached Remote Environment - We encourage our employees to travel and experience life as they see fit Excellent Health Benefits - Medical Dental Vision Unlimited PTO Work From Home Reimbursement Health & Fitness Reimbursement NutriSense Discounts And Much Much More! So if you are a Webflow Frontend Engineer with experience apply today! NutriSense has an organization-wide commitment to diversity equity and inclusion. We strive to create a work environment where everyone has a sense of belonging. Individuals from historically underrepresented or underserved communities are strongly encouraged to apply.
javascript engineer,Software Development Engineer II  The Egencia Homepage team is seeking an experienced Software Engineer to join our experienced team to build and evolve the home page of our product! Users land upon this experience after logging in and is a key opportunity to surface relevant information for their awareness as well as using our data to make the user’s intended task more efficient and effortless. This team also owns our travel advisory offering which assists clients and travelers when navigating through the complexities of governments' travel advisories. The Homepage team’s scope of work spans front-end development through back-end services to their databases. We are looking for someone passionate about technology to apply best-in-class practices creative problem-solving and innovative thinking to our business problems!  Launched in 2002 Egencia has become the world’s leading digital corporate travel platform because of our commitment to delivering a higher standard of corporate travel service and innovative technology. Our success is directly attributed to our customers' ability to move their businesses ahead through their valued relationships with our company and more importantly with our people. Lead by an experienced forward-thinking management team Egencia has continued to expand its offering of intuitive online tools and comprehensive agency services while maintaining its reputation for superior customer service.  What you’ll do:  You will collaborate with team members to co-develop and solve problems  You will take advantage of opportunities to build new technical expertise in a specific engineering area  You will understand the importance of system and technology integration and the basic features and facilities involved in the integration process  You will apply software design principles data structures and/or design patterns and computer science fundamentals to write code that is clean maintainable optimized and modular with good naming conventions  You will help coordinate stakeholder input and collaboration efforts when developing solutions to issues  You can apply formal training methods to current workload. You feel comfortable challenging authority/the status quo  You report clearly on current work status. You ask challenging questions when empowered to do so  Who you are:  Bachelor's degree or Masters in a related technical field; or equivalent related professional experience  2+ years of industry software development experience in a team environment  Experience crafting performant web applications using Java Kotlin JavaScript React and/or Spring  Strength in a language moderate familiarity in other applicable languages  Familiarity in a couple data stores or API access patterns and integration  Familiarity with associated technologies within your specialization as part of the wider ecosystem  Understanding of how projects fit together within your team  Able to understand moderately complex systems  Ability to test and monitor your own code  Understanding of testing and monitoring tools  Ability to debug applications  Understanding of how teams’ goals fit a business need Do you have a passion for travel and tech? And want to work for an exciting company that’s at the top of their industry? Business travel is back and we’re looking for talented individuals to join a team that’s working hard to reinvent the industry and make those real-life connections truly seamless once again. Who are we? Egencia is the original category disruptor and the world’s leading B2B SaaS business in travel. Driven by curiosity and backed by industry leading data and customer insights we’re a trusted business travel partner that delivers the best technology and experiences - no matter the odds  Location United States - Illinois - Chicago  It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals based on job-related qualifications and ability to perform a job without regard to age gender gender identity sexual orientation race color religion creed national origin disability genetic information veteran status citizenship or marital status and to maintain a non-discriminatory environment free from intimidation harassment or bias based upon these grounds.  GBT Recruitment Privacy Statement
javascript engineer,In the competitive world of electronic trading we use quantitative techniques and advanced technology to identify profitable trading opportunities around the globe. Old Mission has related trading entities that operate out of the United States (Chicago New York London and Singapore). Our organization is made up of individuals seeking to be part of a team that is constantly striving for improvement and never content with the status quo. Management is committed to the development of our team members and making sure they feel challenged and engaged in the company's growth. The culture at Old Mission is hard-working but relaxed. We all enjoy what we are doing so it doesn't really seem like work. Most Old Mission employees have math or engineering backgrounds. We all enjoy building things tinkering making things better and in general working on hard problems. We are always looking for like-minded individuals to join our team. In this Role – Our development program is geared for college graduates who want to work alongside our talented software engineers creating impactful solutions to further the firm's market initiatives. Responsibilities include developing and supporting C++ based trading applications and tools. You will be given immediate responsibilities which will significantly contribute to the firm's daily activities. In this role you'll have the opportunity to learn more about creative programming and the tools needed to support electronic trading. If you are looking to have an immediate contribution and would like to be part of building out our business feel free to apply today! What you'll need – An undergraduate or an advanced degree in a quantitative field such as Computer Science Engineering or one of the hard sciences Minimum 3.0 GPA A quantitative major Knowledge of C++ and Python SQL JavaScript React Understanding of systems programming data structures and algorithms Familiarity working in a Linux environment Strong analytical and problem solving skills Great communication skills both written and verbal A strong work ethic and ability to adapt quickly in a fast-paced environment Perks – Sharp motivated co-workers in a fast-paced office environment Competitive Salary Discretionary bonus Top tier Medical Dental Vision Disability and Life Insurance paid for by the firm 401(k) with employer match Full stocked kitchen free breakfast and lunch everyday on-site Tuition reimbursement Flexible Spending Plan Commuter Benefit Program Old Mission is not accepting unsolicited resumes from any staffing/search firms. All resumes submitted by staffing/search firms to any employee at Old Mission via-email the Internet or directly without a valid signed search agreement will be deemed the sole property of Old Mission and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Old Mission.
javascript engineer,Thank you for your interest in our Software Engineer Apprentice position! About The Position We are seeking a Software Engineer Apprentice to work on our Client Delivery team. This entry-level position will be primarily responsible for providing a combination of Quality Assurance Testing on web and mobile applications developing software using JavaScript within the React and React Native frameworks AND successfully progressing through rapid on-the-job training and other on-line training programs to be promoted from this Apprentice position to a Web and Mobile App Developer within 3-6 months. This is a full-time position that offers an entry-level salary health insurance benefits and flexible work hours. This position is primarily ‘work from home’ with occasional on-site client meetings and team meetings. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in software engineering computer science or equivalent experience 3+ years of general work experience demonstrating a track record of success Desired Skills: JavaScript/TypeScript HTML/CSS React RESTful API integration and database experience (relational and NoSQL) Able to work collaboratively in small teams with other specialized software development individuals Able to work independently in a fast-paced environment Solid verbal and writing communication skills Strong attention to detail and a passion for quality client happiness and continuous learning Candidates must be U.S. Citizens and able to pass a background check Candidates must be located in the Chicagoland area AND Candidates must be willing to put in the time and effort to rapidly progress their software development skills through a combination of client projects and on-line training If you are looking for a challenging new position that will let you flex your development muscles while spending less time commuting and more time creating amazingly cool software for awesome clients this is the perfect role for you. Qualified applicants can apply by sending a resume and samples of work to jobs@redfoundry.com.
javascript engineer,At Henkel you can be a game changer and craft your career. Unleash your entrepreneurial spirit by bringing your ideas to life within a global team. Our leading brands and technologies along with our high-performing businesses will provide you with countless opportunities to develop your skills and explore new paths. Your career at Henkel will contribute to a more sustainable future while you grow within our vibrant diverse culture of trust and belonging. If you're up for challenging the status quo join our team of pioneers and make your mark on the future with us. Do you dare to make an impact? YOUR ROLE Support the roll-out and active deployment of new software and automation tools across the global innovation organization Assist with preparing sites for software / hardware deployment Assist in personnel training before during and after deployment Work closely with the digital systems teams to identify deployment and user issues during the deployment and ramp-up stages Review respond and prioritize feature ideas related to digital tools and automation Assist with any future deployment activities and take note of all feature requests pain points bugs etc. Work closely with the digital systems teams to understand software / hardware development roadmaps and communicate across Henkel innovation organization Deeply embed yourself within the different Henkel business units (from PD to TCS to Operations) to understand how a digital R&D platform can help to drive end-customer value Create and distribute communication material e.g. newsletters portal articles release communications Support in content creation for future deployments in Henkel sites Creatively adapt existing R&D processes to fit within a fully digital laboratory Actively communicate with different stakeholders (PD Heads Lab Managers Innovators Technicians etc.) Work with Henkel Leadership to review business priorities and opportunities to increase overall impact Review and standardize digital innovation data collection across SBUs and locations Audit and remove duplicates for commonly used data such as units manufacturers raw materials parameters data columns etc. Work with internal Henkel Data Science team to drive increased data leverage in new areas Coordinate any IT related integrations for future functionality such as Pricing Sustainability Operations etc. Measure engagement & retention of digital innovation tools and define new success metrics Design and execute training programs targeted by user group location SBU etc. Document and share digital innovation success stories Host regular update meetings e.g. FAQs Albert Discovery Sessions etc. Foster and reward collaboration between users locations SBUs etc. YOUR SKILLS Bachelor’s degree in software engineering computer science data science or a related field. Proficient knowledge of REST APIs Swagger documentation and JWT authentication Experience developing small applications especially related to business data and analytics Passion for driving change management specifically focused on Digital upskilling and tools Quick learner and very comfortable with technology (Web applications data analytic tools mobile apps etc.) Natural curiosity for new topics cultural candor and strong social skills Excellent analytical skills combined with strategic thinking Strategic entrepreneurial mindset with an eye for design (to support in the constant updates and enhancements of the Albert platform) Fluent in English Experience in software development (Python Javascript MySQL etc.) product management or other software roles Data science knowledge and experience (especially as it pertains to chemistry/material science) Henkel is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race color religion sex national origin disability veteran status age sexual orientation gender identity and expression and other legally protected characteristics. JOB ID: req34720 Contract & Job type: Full Time Regular Contact information for application-related questions: 1-866-836-7067
javascript engineer,Do you enjoy solving problems writing software and working with customers? Would you like to have more time to learn and work on Cloud Native apps Data Analytics and DevOps? Our team is looking for engineers who love to learn and are eager to share what they know with colleagues and customers.  The Commercial Software Engineering (CSE) team is a global engineering organization that works directly with customers looking to leverage the latest technologies to address their toughest challenges. We work closely with our customers’ engineers to jointly develop code for cloud-based solutions that can accelerate their organization. We work in collaboration with Microsoft product teams partners and open source communities to empower our customers to do more with the cloud. We pride ourselves on making contributions to open source and making our platforms easier to use. We develop solutions side-by-side with our customers through collaborative innovation to solve their challenges. This work involves the development of broadly applicable high-impact solution patterns and open source software assets that contribute to the Microsoft platform. In this role you will be working with engineers from your team and our customers’ teams to apply your skills perspectives and creativity to grow as engineers and help solve our customers’ toughest challenges.  Watch this video to learn more about who we are and what we do: https://aka.ms/csevideo. Responsibilities Working hands-on with your team and our customers through design and implementation demonstrating good engineering practices and coding along the way Sharing your work and learnings with your team Microsoft product teams and the OSS community Continuously improving our ability to deliver quality solutions by helping to evolve our engineering process Continuously building your technical knowledge Qualifications Required Qualifications: At least 2 years of professional experience in software development Development experience with one or more of these languages – C# Python Java Go JavaScript  Preferred Qualifications: Hands-on experience building production quality software (ideally cloud services) in an agile environment Effective communication and collaboration skills Demonstrated ability to quickly learn new languages and technologies A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related discipline or comparable practical professional experience Comfortable with regional travel to meet customers for 3 – 4 days every 2 months (post-pandemic)  At Microsoft we are seeking people who have a passion for the positive impact technology can have on communities and for making a difference in the world. Within CSE you will find a wide range of backgrounds perspectives personal and cultural experiences which are vital to our success with our customers. It’s an informal and flexible work environment and you’ll be welcome to work in the way that best enables you to get your job done.  We invest in your health wellness and financial future by offering a competitive package including a wide range of benefits built around your personal needs and those close to you.  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age ancestry color family or medical care leave gender identity or expression genetic information marital status medical condition national origin physical or mental disability political affiliation protected veteran status race religion sex (including pregnancy) sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process please send a request via the Accommodation request form.  Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.  #CSE-FY22 #CSEng #CSEhubchicago
javascript engineer,Company Overview Motorola Solutions is there for our customers when everything is on the line. In extreme moments — when a hurricane lands or when a fire breaks out. And in everyday moments — when a package arrives just in time for the holiday or when a child doesn’t miss the school bus home. We unify voice data video and analytics in one integrated ecosystem to enable individuals businesses and communities to work together in more powerful ways. To help people make better decisions act confidently and be their best in the moments that matter. Bring your passion potential and talents to Motorola Solutions and connect with a career that matters.  Department Overview Our IT organization has a critical role in driving extraordinary business results. Through a strong partnership with other areas of our business we bring innovative thinking to every conversation and deliver with integrity. We’re looking for people who bring great ideas and who make our partners’ ideas better. Intellectually curious advisors (not order takers) who focus on outcomes to creatively solve business problems. People who not only embrace change but who accelerate it.  Job Description As an eCommerce front end developer you will be expected to contribute towards the overall growth (revenue stability performance) of our commerce website. We are looking for innovative thinkers to create solutions that drive customer retention and satisfaction. You are expected to have strong overall development skills to be able to not just solve challenges put before you but also in a manner that adheres to best practices in coding. We are looking for someone who is both a producer of quality work but also is looking for opportunities to grow and guide your colleagues. Scope of Responsibilities/Expectations Understand business requirements and their translation into its applicable code Active participant in team refinement sessions who has the knowledge and confidence to ask relevant business and technical questions Ability to work in a collaborative environment with other developers on a team to help each other find solutions Strong collaborator with your technical product owner and technical lead especially when identifying potential issues with implementations Interested in taking on new and difficult tasks that may require learning new skills or reviewing relevant technologies Diligent attention to detail with all deliverable work that includes passing of unit testing and performance standards Willingness to be able to juggle multiple tasks/responsibilities at the same time and be able to pivot quickly if prioritization changes  Desired Background/Knowledge/Skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Information Systems preferred but relevant job experience is most important At least 3 years of experience as a front-end developer working as implementation partner or with a company who has an eCommerce business presence; lesser experienced candidates may be considered with demonstration of previous work and/or initiative Must have experience with front end web technologies such as JavaScript (React Knockout) HTML and CSS Experience with eCommerce platforms a plus Experience with web API services (REST/XML/JSON) Understanding of code merging (Git/Bitbucket) processes and quality gates (Sonarqube) Experience with implementing functionality on web applications such as Oracle Commerce Cloud (OCC) Oracle ATG or similar technology is desired. Experience in developing applications with JavaScript (React Knockout) HTML and CSS preferred Functional understanding of commerce design best practices with the skills to translate UI/UX design into a working product Work experience with REST APIs is desired Experience with integrated Oracle applications such as Oracle CPQ and Oracle E-Business Suite/ERP a major plus Working knowledge of agile methodologies change management code quality and reviews Why work at MSI? Competitive compensation with market-based considerations per role Opportunities for both yearly program-based and colleague-nominated bonuses Work in an environment that you will always be challenged but also have the backing of a large group of teammates We care about work-life balance and provide opportunities for learning days for personal development This role can be remote anywhere in the US.  Basic Requirements Bachelor's degree with 2+ years of professional experience or Master's degree with 1+ years of experience Experience with frontend technologies Vaccine Requirement Motorola Solutions has implemented a voluntary COVID-19 vaccination policy. We strongly encourage all employees to be fully vaccinated. Additionally certain local governments or Motorola Solutions' customers may have vaccine requirements that apply to some of our employees. These employees are required to submit proof of vaccination to Motorola Solutions and maintain compliance with these requirements.  Travel Requirements None  Relocation Provided None  Position Type Experienced  Referral Payment Plan Yes Our U.S. Benefits include: Incentive Bonus Plans Medical Dental Vision benefits effective Day 1 401K with Company Match and Day 1 vesting 9 Paid Holidays Generous Paid Time Off Packages Employee Stock Purchase Plan Paid Parental & Family Leave and more!  EEO Statement Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability veteran's status or any other protected characteristic.
javascript engineer,This is an environment unlike anything in the high-tech world and the secret of Costco’s success is its culture. The value Costco puts on its employees is well documented in articles from a variety of publishers including Bloomberg and Forbes. Our employees and our members come FIRST. Costco is well known for its generosity and community service and has won many awards for its philanthropy. The company joins with its employees to take an active role in volunteering by sponsoring many opportunities to help others. In 2018 Costco contributed over $39 million to organizations such as United Way and Children's Miracle Network Hospitals. Costco IT is responsible for the technical future of Costco Wholesale the second largest retailer in the world with wholesale operations in twelve countries. Despite our size and explosive international expansion we continue to provide a family employee centric atmosphere in which our employees thrive and succeed. As proof Costco consistently ranks in the top five of Forbes “America’s Best Employers”. Costco is looking for a dedicated and experienced C# ASP.Net developer to design develop maintain extend applications and implement projects in accordance with the Costco development and project management methodologies and practices. This is an excellent opportunity to work on various applications focused on automating and modernizing the E-Commerce pharmacy processes for a fortune 500 company. If you want to be a part of one of the BEST “to work for” companies in the world simply apply and let your career be reimagined.  ROLE Designs builds and maintains efficient reusable and reliant C# code for relational database applications. Including (but not limited to) the Pharmacy eCommerce System. Designs and implements solutions into existing environments and designing business workflows to ensure proper application mapping/flow. Creates conceptual and detailed technical design documents. Provides accurate and timely estimates (work breakdown schedules). Ensures the best possible performance quality and responsiveness of applications. Documents and executes unit and integration tests. Defines and implements standards and best practices for software development. Participates in code review sessions as a coordinator owner reader recorder or observer. Collaborates with Business Analysts Solution Architects Quality Assurance Analysts Software Developers and Release Analysts in a DevOps model to extend the capabilities of the applications. Provides 3rd-level application support for the Pharmacy E-Commerce applications. REQUIRED Minimum 4 years’ experience with C# ASP.Net with a strong knowledge of its related technologies. Familiarity with the .NET framework 4.0 or later. Must have working knowledge of Web Services SOAP and XML technologies. Experience programming in major database and middleware technologies. Proficient working knowledge of code versioning tools such as Git SVN etc. Strong knowledge of object oriented concepts. Familiarity with continuous integration. Must have strong communication skills both oral and written. Demonstrated ability to collaborate with other technical experts develop solution and functional design documents to support development of final solutions and provide project estimates and lead technical teams to consistently meet commitments. Integrity accountability a positive attitude and be willing to do what it takes to make the team successful. Ability to manage priorities and timelines. Ability to provide project estimates and work-breakdown schedules. Extremely responsive able to work under pressure in crisis with a strong sense of urgency. Responsible conscientious organized self-motivated and able to work with limited supervision. Detail-oriented and possess strong problem-solving skills and ability to analyze for potential future issues. Able to support off-hours work as required including weekends holidays and rotational on call. Recommended Experience in ASP.net (C#) (Web forms and User Controls) AJAX concepts HTML CSS JavaScript JQuery Telerik (3rd party controls) OOPS Concepts and Design Patterns. Working knowledge of backend and Pharmacy Management components web services related interfaces and configuration. Previous E-Commerce experience in production support team lead or related role. Required Documents Cover Letter Resume  California applicants please click here to review the Costco Applicant Privacy Notice.  Apart from any religious or disability considerations open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business. If hired you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization including but not limited to H1-B visas.
javascript engineer,CVS Pharmacy Inc. a CVS Health company is hiring for the following role in Buffalo Grove IL: Digital Dev Engineer to design and develop digital software applications and platforms. Duties include: analyze user needs and develop software solutions to meet business requirements; determine feasibility of solutions design and prepare technical design documentation; upgrade existing software applications and/or systems to improve functionality and features with a focus on performance reliability and maintainability; write and review high quality code and perform unit and/or automation testing; support applications systems and databases used to process prescriptions claims and related healthcare activities; collaborate with cross-functional teams on applications development technical requirements code review project deliverables quality assurance and software development best practices; and mentor junior team members.  Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science Computer Engineering Information Technology Engineering or a related field and five (5) years of progressive post-baccalaureate experience in each of the following: Software development for enterprise or web applications; HTML; CSS; JavaScript; Java; Angular; Ajax; REST APIs; Spring Boot microservices; Hadoop; Writing clean high quality high performing scalable code; and Testing quality assurance and troubleshooting.  COVID Requirements  COVID-19 Vaccination Requirement CVS Health requires certain colleagues to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 (including any booster shots if required) where allowable under the law unless they are approved for a reasonable accommodation based on disability medical condition religious belief or other legally recognized reasons that prevents them from being vaccinated.  You are required to have received at least one COVID-19 shot prior to your first day of employment and to provide proof of your vaccination status or apply for a reasonable accommodation within the first 10 days of your employment. Please note that in some states and roles you may be required to provide proof of full vaccination or an approved reasonable accommodation before you can begin to actively work.  Preferred Qualifications See Required Qualifications  Education See Required Qualifications  Business Overview Bring your heart to CVS Health Every one of us at CVS Health shares a single clear purpose: Bringing our heart to every moment of your health. This purpose guides our commitment to deliver enhanced human-centric health care for a rapidly changing world. Anchored in our brand — with heart at its center — our purpose sends a personal message that how we deliver our services is just as important as what we deliver.  Our Heart At Work Behaviors™ support this purpose. We want everyone who works at CVS Health to feel empowered by the role they play in transforming our culture and accelerating our ability to innovate and deliver solutions to make health care more personal convenient and affordable. We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity inclusion and belonging every day. CVS Health is an affirmative action employer and is an equal opportunity employer as are the physician-owned businesses for which CVS Health provides management services. We do not discriminate in recruiting hiring promotion or any other personnel action based on race ethnicity color national origin sex/gender sexual orientation gender identity or expression religion age disability protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal state or local law.
javascript engineer,Automation Test Engineer Are you interested in being part of a well-funded early-stage company dedicated to redesigning patient care through a best-in-class SaaS solution? Are you a curious problem solver and critical thinker with deep technical expertise and a passion for solving real-world problems? Are you independently motivated and excited by the challenges of productively contributing as an integral part of a distributed team? If you answered yes to these questions this role might be for you. About the Role: Curve Health is a mission-driven health tech company focused on empowering care providers to treat patients in place even under acute conditions that would otherwise require a transfer to the emergency room. This is no glorified Zoom consult! Rather our platform is designed to facilitate remote care for even the most complex patients during an acute event providing a much better patient experience at a lower cost impact. Who doesn't love a win-win? Our start-up domain requires us to be flexible and adaptable. We also take ownership of our work and appreciate valuable feedback. We are looking for a Test Engineer to join our team. You will be responsible for the quality assurance of our web and mobile applications. As a Test Engineer you'll work closely with our engineers to ensure system consistency and improve user experience. Ultimately you should be able to develop and execute functional regression integration and automated tests. What you will work on: Planning implementation and independent execution of various automated tests Creation of test cases and test documentation based on an analysis of the requirements Programming automation of tests in JavaScript Monitoring the results of the automated tests reporting errors found Supporting the software team in root cause analysis and in the reproduction of error messages Evaluation of new tools technologies and methods in the testing environment Maintenance improvement and planning of the evolution of test scripts and scenarios Planning and providing support for integration end-user and performance testing Coordinating the different parties in end-to-end tests Experience / Skills: Experience in testing and quality assurance as well as in automation using JavaScript Knowledge of Cypress and Detox would be appreciated Understanding of the performance testing concept. Strong quality awareness accuracy and reliability Why Curve Health? We are a deeply collaborative and insight-driven team looking for new perspectives to challenge our thinking and unlock new opportunities to grow (individually and as a business). We are serious about diversity and inclusion. We are a Seed Stage/Series C-hybrid company built on the foundation of a proven award-winning product and pointing it at new users to unlock its full potential. We are a remote team that is dedicated to creative collaboration and real culture with weekly happy hours whiteboard sessions and daily all-hands meetings to keep us connected.
javascript engineer,DRW is a technology-driven diversified principal trading firm. We trade our own capital at our own risk across a broad range of asset classes instruments and strategies in financial markets around the world. As the markets have evolved over the past 25 years so has DRW – maximizing opportunities to include real estate cryptoassets and venture capital. With over 1000 employees at our Chicago headquarters and offices around the world we work together to solve complex problems challenge consensus and deliver meaningful results. It's a place of high expectations deep curiosity and thoughtful collaboration. DRW's energy desk which trades all aspects of energy futures is looking for a Software Engineer to build the UIs that our traders and analysts use every day to make critical trading decisions. The team is seeking a self-starter who prefers to work on a variety of tasks with fast feedback / iteration cycles. This position while initially will be focused on getting tools and data to our analysts will over time have a variety of opportunities for growth and learning including more exposure to full stack and/or back-end engineering. Responsibilities: Development of frontend and backend for analytics and research tools. Work on a small team as a self-starter Work with other developers and end-users to consolidate data and present it in an attractive intuitive interface. Work on legacy code as well as green field development. Writing extensible scalable code. Test at the unit functional and integration level For qualifications: Professional experience developing front-end frameworks using Vue Lit-Element/Polymer (or other web component frameworks) and CSS. Practiced in functional programming and building asynchronous and event-based applications. Proficient in distributed version control systems Pluses: Experience writing backend code in Java querying with PostgreSQL Strong initiative and a proven track record of independently driving projects to completion Interested in software craftsmanship with a desire to learn new programming languages Excellent problem-solving and debugging skills Strong attention to detail For more information about DRW's processing activities and our use of job applicants' data please view our Privacy Notice at https://drw.com/privacy-notice. California residents please review the California Privacy Notice for information about certain legal rights at https://drw.com/california-privacy-notice. #LI-GV1
javascript engineer,Altera a new member of the N. Harris Computer Corporation family delivers health IT solutions that support caregivers around the world. These include the Sunrise™ Paragon® Allscripts TouchWorks® Allscripts® Opal STAR™ HealthQuest™ and dbMotion™ solutions. At the intersection of technology and the human experience Altera Digital Health is driving a new era of healthcare in which innovation and expertise can elevate care delivery and inspire healthier communities across the globe. A new age in healthcare technology has just begun. Overview The purpose of this role is to understand requirements/business cases/user stories and apply computer science engineering and mathematical analysis to design develop and test the application meeting the acceptance criteria. This involves understanding and applying one or more software or scripting language. This may involve developing new applications or enhancing and maintaining existing applications.  This is a Remote role.  Responsibilities Acts as Liaison with Business Analysts and/or internal/external clients to ensure that requirements are understood Produces and executes unit test cases as defined by the team Maintains coding standards Produces supporting technical and installation documentation for internal and external publication as appropriate Achieves productivity targets to ensure deliverables are met within budget on schedule and defined quality standards Completes all necessary software and non-software components in the timelines as defined by the Scrum Team/Project Manager Produces technical specifications code and/or unit test plans in line with the traceability matrix/functional specification Delivers committed development testing and documentation artifacts with/without guidance of senior members and architects Provides input and assist in preparing technical design specifications Provides input during planning grooming walkthrough estimation and other agile process Ensures every work artifact is thoroughly reviewed by peers/seniors for quality security and performance  Qualifications Academic and Professional Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree  Experience: 0-2 years relevant work experience Solid and demonstrated desktop Microsoft skills Prefer experience with SQL Prefer experience with Windows Communication Foundation for service apps Prefer experience with .NET Prefer experience with JavaScript Prefer experience with C# programming Prefer experience with Teams Foundation Server for code and task management.  Travel Requirements: Up to 5% travel may be required May require other travel for business needs  Working Arrangements: Work is performed in a standard office environment with minimal exposure to health or safety hazards  #LI-ALL
javascript engineer,Job Summary: Under limited supervision designs develops troubleshoots and debugs moderately complex software programs for enhancements and new products. Responsible for moderately complex concept design through the full development life cycle. Prepares and conducts systems programming test requiring interfacing and software tests.  Job Specific Information: The Global Sales Usability and Mobility team is part of the Global Sales Operations organization and is responsible for developing applications for a global and mobile FedEx Sales team. The applications we build enable users to find answers to customer questions manage their selling territory and conduct more effective sales calls. The Global Sales Usability and Mobility team is looking for an Software Engineer to develop applications for mobile and web using Microsoft’s .Net framework C# JavaScript HTML and CSS. The development is and will continue to be done in a small team agile environment.  Abilities/Knowledge/Skills Considered a Plus:  Microsoft .Net and SQL JavaScript HTML CSS OS and Swift Ambitious about using innovative new technologies User Experience Design or proven ability for being end-user oriented Experience working in an agile environment A high sense of urgency and deadline driven Superior communication skills Experience and strong capability to prioritize and plan and to adapt quickly when initial plans change Ability to be resourceful and take initiative in getting tasks accomplished through multi-tasking and creative thinking skills A growth mindset with strong interest in lifelong learning Ability to be resourceful and take initiative in getting tasks accomplished through multi-tasking and creative thinking skills A growth mindset with strong interest in life long learning   Minimum Qualification Bachelor’s Degree in computer science engineering or information systems or related field and/or equivalent formal training or work experience. Two (2) years qualifying work experience in information technology or engineering environment. A related advanced degree may offset the related experience requirements.  Domicile: This position will be domiciled anywhere in the U.S. Remote Work: The ability to work remotely within the United States may be available based on business need. Relocation: Relocation assistance may be available based on business need.  Notice: Sponsorship for this position is not available for new hires.  Application Instructions/Deadline: Upload current copy of Resume (Microsoft Word or PDF format only) and answer job screening questionnaire by close of business (5:00pm CST) on the date below. If the date below is blank there is no specified closing date for this requisition. Thursday June 30 2022  Additional Information Colorado Residents Only – Compensation: Monthly Salary $5855.63 - $9708.1 The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range or starting rate of candidates hired in Colorado. Factors that may be used to determine your actual salary may include your specific skills your work location how many years of experience you have and comparison to other employees already in this role. This information is provided to applicants in accordance to the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.  Employee Benefits: Medical dental and vision insurance; paid Life and AD&D insurance; tuition reimbursement; paid sick leave; paid parental leave paid vacation and additional paid time off; geographic pay ranges; 401K with Company match and incentive bonus potential; sales incentive compensation for selling roles.  FedEx. Where now meets next. Our vision is to be the earth's most engaged advocates of connected commerce where open borders new markets and fair sustainable practices are the norm for the billions of personal supply chains being managed every day in our always on mobile-first world. We stand for ease access and opportunity. We lead purposeful innovation champion entrepreneurs advocate free trade and empower humans and their place in the era of autonomy and AI. We fight for our customers a more sustainable planet and an ethical playing field. FedEx inspires its more than 570000 team members to remain focused on safety the highest ethical and professional standards and the needs of their customers and communities. FedEx is committed to connecting people and possibilities around the world responsibly and resourcefully with a goal to achieve carbon-neutral operations by 2040. FedEx has been recognized on many different lists both for business success and for being a great employer: Fortune "World’s Most Admired Companies" – 2021 Forbes "Best Employers for Diversity" - 2021 LinkedIn "Top 100 Companies" - 2021 TIME "100 Most Influential Companies" - 2021 World HRD Congress "Best Gender Equality Workplace" – 2021 InsiderPro ComputerWorld "Best Places to Work for IT" – 2021  FedEx Services is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion gender sexual orientation gender identity national origin age genetics disability or protected Veteran status. FedEx Services does not discriminate against qualified individuals with disabilities in regard to job application procedures hiring and other terms and conditions of employment. Further FedEx Services is prepared to make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant or employee to enable the applicant or employee to be considered for the desired position to perform the essential functions of the position in question or to enjoy equal benefits and privileges of employment as are enjoyed by other similarly situated employees without disabilities unless the accommodation will impose an undue hardship. If a reasonable accommodation is needed please contact recruitmentsupport@fedex.com.
javascript engineer,Who We Are We are change agents. We are inspired technologists. We are unlike any other technology consulting firm. Our team fearlessly challenges the status quo relentlessly pursues what’s next and pushes the limits of what’s possible. A Microsoft Gold Partner and multiple time Partner of the Year award recipient Concurrency is renowned for its ability to turn unmatched technology expertise into client outcomes. Have we inspired the technologist in you? Come be a change agent at Concurrency. Who We’re Looking For We’re excited to add an Engineer to our Modern Applications team. In this role you’ll serve as a collaborative team member while working alongside subject matter experts who will coach and mentor you in modern web development best practices. What You'll Do Work closely with senior team members to help understand and gather requirements Participate in the planning design and development of new solutions as well as in enhancements modifications and corrections to existing solutions Expand your knowledge of emerging Microsoft development trends and releases Work across multiple industries and develop strong business acumen across various domains What You'll Need Earned Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology Management Information Systems Computer Science Computer Engineering or Software Engineering 1 - 3 years of experience in full life cycle development Experience with C# HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS and React.JS Xamarin Understanding of all phases of the software development lifecycle Strong problem-solving communication and organizational skills A passion for learning as demonstrated by involvement in technology-focused academic extracurriculars Eligible to work in the United States without sponsorship What Will Set You Apart Test Driven Development experience Experience working in a professional services organization Concurrency takes pride in bringing a different mindset to consulting—that takes a diversity of thought collaboration and resilience. We are an innovation-obsessed yet a fun and progressive place to work. We offer flexible work schedules competitive compensation and great benefits for our people and their families. In addition all employees are eligible for several rewards and recognition programs excellent training programs and bonus opportunities to encourage our people to be the best versions of themselves in and out of work. Job Type: Full-time
software development engineer,Job description (REMOTE) Develop software features for a real-time data analysis application suite. Features include acquisition of data from sensors analysis of these data shipment of data to the cloud for storage and further analyses. Key Activities Develop and extend features for a real-time data analysis software suite Interact with end users to gather and document business and system requirements Design implement test and deploy application features Work on a team to build and enhance continuous deployment pipeline processes using cutting edge DevOps tools Potentially travel to the field to test new software features Skills and Technologies Degree: Bachelor of Science in Computer Science (or similar) from a 4-year accredited university Experience: 3+ years of professional software development experience Environments and Languages: C# .NET Framework/Core User Interface: Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) Design and Patterns: MVVM DI/IoC SOLID Equivalent or related technologies are acceptable (e.g. Java vs. C#) Configuration Management: Git JIRA Ability to write software unit and integration tests A strong background in mathematics algorithm development or other hard sciences - including physics chemistry and biology - is a definite advantage We offer: Competitive pay Bonuses/Profit sharing based on position and performance Paid Vacation Medical and dental benefits Retirement plan with company match Training and Educational Opportunities (conference attendance and courses) Flexible Hours Remote work is possible based on experience The Company: Hecate is an established research and development technology company based in Richland WA. We offer employees challenging problems the tools and flexibility to solve them the ability to work with clients directly and a range of benefits. Note Hecate will negotiate on remote working and pay scale depending on candidate's skill level. Hecate was established in 1984 to build custom software for various industries. Our engineers work side-by-side with customers and engineers from different disciplines and are well-versed in extracting requirements to build scientifically-based customer-focused custom solutions. Engineers have the flexibility to lay out a solution from small prototypes to large scale software application suites. We believe in building the highest quality product possible. We provide our engineers with the resources needed to develop those products. We pride ourselves on our ability to learn and implement new technologies. The Location: Hecate is based in Richland WA. This is a great place to live with affordable housing and a low cost-of-living. For people who enjoy the outdoors the Tri-Cities area is the meeting point of three rivers including the Columbia River which is great for boating and fishing. The Blue and Cascade Mountain ranges are nearby for hiking and camping. For people who enjoy the city Richland hosts a number of events during the summer months and the area is evolving into an area with great restaurants wineries and breweries. Our office is nearby several restaurants for dining. Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Pay: $80000.00 - $95000.00 per year Benefits: Dental insurance Health insurance Paid time off Retirement plan Schedule: Monday to Friday Experience: C#: 1 year (Preferred) WPF: 1 year (Preferred) Work Location: Multiple Locations
software development engineer,Company Overview Motorola Solutions is there for our customers when everything is on the line. In extreme moments — when a hurricane lands or when a fire breaks out. And in everyday moments — when a package arrives just in time for the holiday or when a child doesn’t miss the school bus home. We unify voice data video and analytics in one integrated ecosystem to enable individuals businesses and communities to work together in more powerful ways. To help people make better decisions act confidently and be their best in the moments that matter. Bring your passion potential and talents to Motorola Solutions and connect with a career that matters.  Department Overview Come join us at Motorola Solutions as a member of the AI Data & Common Services Engineering Team in the city of Chicago! As a software engineer you will be a key member of our Common Services team responsible for building the next generation cloud products for our public safety customers around the world. Our products allow customers to respond effectively in mission-critical operating environments and we’re looking for world-class engineers interested in building software and systems that truly make a difference.  Job Description We are looking for developers who love challenges and have experience building complex web applications at scale. This person will work as a contributing member of an advanced software development team using modern software development techniques to produce world-class public safety cloud-based software solution. Responsibilities include: Design develop and maintain software applications following established standards procedures and specifications. Develop code and create unit and other automated testing solutions. Able to participate in group discussions by expressing thoughts and ideas clearly. Self-driven high energy highly innovative person with a positive attitude. Effectively collaborate with technical leaders in a multi-team environment. Demonstrate flexibility and resilience in the face of changing priorities and requirements. Qualifications : The ideal candidate will have at least some of the following skills and experience: BS degree in Computer Science IT Computer Engineering Software Engineering or related field. Good background in server-side web development preferably in C# Experience with unit test frameworks such as xUnit and Moq Experience with software technologies such as Docker Kubernetes and Git Experience with GIS and Mapping ESRI technologies is a plus. Experience with modern single page web app development using HTML5 JavaScript (AngularJS) or CSS Knowledge of client- and server-side web app performance scaling techniques; Be prepared to discuss application optimization experience on previous projects Experience defining and building Web (REST) APIs for internal and external usage Knowledge of both SQL and NoSQL data stores including the ability to choose the right one for the job Production application experience with public web applications; Ideally you should have some knowledge of (and/or experience with) public cloud technologies such as Microsoft Azure. Working knowledge of Linux and Windows Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Interested in working in a continuous deployment environment This role can be remote anywhere in the US.  Basic Requirements BS Degree in Computer Science IT Computer Engineering Software Engineering or related field with 1+ years of professional experience OR Master's degree in related field Vaccine Requirement Motorola Solutions has implemented a voluntary COVID-19 vaccination policy. We strongly encourage all employees to be fully vaccinated. Additionally certain local governments or Motorola Solutions' customers may have vaccine requirements that apply to some of our employees. These employees are required to submit proof of vaccination to Motorola Solutions and maintain compliance with these requirements.  Travel Requirements None  Relocation Provided None  Position Type Experienced  Referral Payment Plan Yes Our U.S. Benefits include: Incentive Bonus Plans Medical Dental Vision benefits effective Day 1 401K with Company Match and Day 1 vesting 9 Paid Holidays Generous Paid Time Off Packages Employee Stock Purchase Plan Paid Parental & Family Leave and more!  EEO Statement Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability veteran's status or any other protected characteristic.
software development engineer,Thank you for your interest in our Software Engineer Apprentice position! About The Position We are seeking a Software Engineer Apprentice to work on our Client Delivery team. This entry-level position will be primarily responsible for providing a combination of Quality Assurance Testing on web and mobile applications developing software using JavaScript within the React and React Native frameworks AND successfully progressing through rapid on-the-job training and other on-line training programs to be promoted from this Apprentice position to a Web and Mobile App Developer within 3-6 months. This is a full-time position that offers an entry-level salary health insurance benefits and flexible work hours. This position is primarily ‘work from home’ with occasional on-site client meetings and team meetings. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in software engineering computer science or equivalent experience 3+ years of general work experience demonstrating a track record of success Desired Skills: JavaScript/TypeScript HTML/CSS React RESTful API integration and database experience (relational and NoSQL) Able to work collaboratively in small teams with other specialized software development individuals Able to work independently in a fast-paced environment Solid verbal and writing communication skills Strong attention to detail and a passion for quality client happiness and continuous learning Candidates must be U.S. Citizens and able to pass a background check Candidates must be located in the Chicagoland area AND Candidates must be willing to put in the time and effort to rapidly progress their software development skills through a combination of client projects and on-line training If you are looking for a challenging new position that will let you flex your development muscles while spending less time commuting and more time creating amazingly cool software for awesome clients this is the perfect role for you. Qualified applicants can apply by sending a resume and samples of work to jobs@redfoundry.com.
software development engineer,The Enterprise Software Solutions department at Argonne National Laboratory invites you to join our team in a learning and collaborative environment. We are responsible for supporting the Laboratory’s business software to further the science and technology mission of the lab. We are seeking a junior level software engineer as a member of our Commercial Data and Analytics group. This team owns the responsibility for supporting Laboratory-wide business systems and integrating them into the Argonne environment using advanced data interfaces and enterprise services. Experience is beneficial but not a requirement. We are fully committed to training talented individuals to acquire the skills required in our organization. The successful candidate will work with a team in an Agile Scrum environment; exhibit effective collaboration and user interaction by working with peers management vendors and others; and maintain a professional work ethic and respect of team members and software users. The position requires learning agility perseverance and communication skills in a dynamic setting. This position is expected to be performed in a hybrid work environment (combination of on-site and remote) however fully remote work will certainly be considered. Position Requirements Required Technical skills: Entry level experience with application development on modern platforms with a logical mindset and problem-solving skills Entry level experience with database development Experience with software development life cycle agile scrum development software testing and debugging Proven ability to produce secure reliable and extendable code Required non-technical skills: User-oriented outlook Ability to understand and follow organizational best practices and standards Strong service orientation with the ability to work effectively in a customer-focused service environment Highly responsive Self-directed and self-motivated Demonstrated oral and written communication skills including the ability to initiate and foster collaborative relationships Ability to provide production support for both locally written and vendor-supplied business software To perform the essential functions of this position successful applicants must provide proof of U.S. citizenship which is required to comply with federal regulations and contract Ability to model Argonne’s Core Values: Impact Safety Respect Integrity and Teamwork Preferred skills: Development of web services with Java Experience with relational databases including Microsoft SQL Server and Oracle Knowledge of Agile and Scrum Ability to support commercial software and integrate business systems Experience with Git The selected candidate will be placed at the appropriate level (PT1 or PT2) dependent upon the depth and breadth of relevant knowledge and skills. The minimum requirements of the two levels are as follows: PT1: Bachelor's degree and 0+ years of experience or equivalent PT2: Bachelor's degree and 2+ years of experience or equivalent Job Family Professional Technical (PT) Job Profile Applications Development 1 Worker Type Regular Time Type Full time As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and in accordance with our core values of impact safety respect integrity and teamwork Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment Argonne encourages minorities women veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age ancestry citizenship status color disability gender gender identity gender expression genetic information marital status national origin pregnancy race religion sexual orientation veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Argonne employees and certain guest researchers and contractors are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department. All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment. Please note that all Argonne employees are required to be vaccinated against COVID-19. All successful applicants will be required to provide their COVID-19 vaccination verification as a condition of employment subject to limited legally recognized exemptions to COVID-19 vaccination.
software development engineer,Software Development Engineer II  The Egencia Homepage team is seeking an experienced Software Engineer to join our experienced team to build and evolve the home page of our product! Users land upon this experience after logging in and is a key opportunity to surface relevant information for their awareness as well as using our data to make the user’s intended task more efficient and effortless. This team also owns our travel advisory offering which assists clients and travelers when navigating through the complexities of governments' travel advisories. The Homepage team’s scope of work spans front-end development through back-end services to their databases. We are looking for someone passionate about technology to apply best-in-class practices creative problem-solving and innovative thinking to our business problems!  Launched in 2002 Egencia has become the world’s leading digital corporate travel platform because of our commitment to delivering a higher standard of corporate travel service and innovative technology. Our success is directly attributed to our customers' ability to move their businesses ahead through their valued relationships with our company and more importantly with our people. Lead by an experienced forward-thinking management team Egencia has continued to expand its offering of intuitive online tools and comprehensive agency services while maintaining its reputation for superior customer service.  What you’ll do:  You will collaborate with team members to co-develop and solve problems  You will take advantage of opportunities to build new technical expertise in a specific engineering